eve, charlie, ashley, laura, westlaw, lexisnexis, ebay, law, carer, court
But what about if Eve tries to defraud Charlie? However, Eve is not a seller at eBay.
To answer your question directly: the websites you've listed are appropriate, I personally use westlaw for most of my legal research but lexisnexis is equally as fine.

law, state, court, would, case, government, right, federal, act, united
In Dudum vs Arntz (2011) the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the use of restricted IRV in elections for various offices in the city of San Francisco, Mayor, Sheriff, District Attorney, City Attorney, Treasurer, Assessor-Recorder, Public Defender, and members of the Board of Supervisors.
In that text, (emphasis mine) there are, by necessity, two Parliaments discussed and accordingly it's always made very clear which one is being talked about: An Act to give effect to a request by the Senate and House of Commons of Canada.

smoking, marijuana, smoke, cigarette, tobacco, plant, paul, weed, au, smoker
But they can get thrown out of a building for smoking if they smoke, and smoking marijuana is no exception.
Any other lighted smoking equipment. A lighted cigarette. A lighted pipe. A lighted cigar.

controller, processor, weserve, ourcontent, data, iframe, dpa, quran, upl, finnegan
OurContent is the Controller and WeServe the Processor, OurContent has a Privacy Policy and needs a DPA from WeServe ourcontent.
What should a data processor do (if anything) if it has notified the data controller of a breach and it is aware of the data controller's negligence to notify the supervisory authority?

vat, chunk, supply, irish, torrent, eu, intra, wasp, company, bee
The Irish company’s supply is exempt from Irish VAT as an intra-EU supply. Here is what the EU say What is an intra-EU supply?
I do have to pay the VAT somewhere, right? Would I have to pay VAT elsewhere at a later date?

speed, limit, mph, hour, prima, facie, flight, posted, mile, zone
What is the exact speed limit for the road if the low speed limit is only on the express lane?
If after the speed limit on the express lane there is a 85 miles per hour speed limit on the express lane, the cars in the express lane must be 85 miles per hour or slower after the work zone speed limit.

contract, party, agreement, term, clause, breach, would, damage, offer, law
If Seller has simply made an initial offer which Buyer accepts (without a counteroffer), Seller has not yet agreed and there is no true mutual acceptance: Seller can reject the Buyer's proposal and offer some modified term.
Termination: A sufficiently egregious breach may allow the aggrieved party to legally terminate the contract which ends all future obligations.

registrar, ford, solo, blm, registrant, whois, blackberry, mega, capcom, godaddy
Capcom has Mega Man, Ryu and Ken represented in the game, but Capcom is listed twice in that footer: once as "CAPCOM CO.
If you look at the bottom of the video near the beginning, they clearly credit the Pac-Man trademark and Bandai Namco Entertainment Inc, so presumably they have a license from Bandai Namco to use the likeness of Pac-Man.

would, company, use, work, copyright, legal, law, data, may, could
Your employer will not receive your results in any form that may match the data to you; however your employer’s benefits plan, which may be self-administered, may receive identifiable information for purposes of managing the benefits plan or administering incentives on your behalf.
If it is true, it would be a lot more awkward, because then she has to say to her professor: "Hey professor, I deserve an A, but I cannot answer any of the questions in the exam, because all of them are in whole or in part related to a trade secret formula I derived for my former employer 25 years ago.

case, law, would, person, court, crime, child, criminal, judge, one
Corroboration From Actual Recent Prosecutions - This reading is consistent with the fact that Virginia prosecutors have brought charges in similar circumstances such as the rape of an unconscious woman at a house party and charges against a Virginia DJ for his conduct towards unconscious women.
There is no further statutory explication of "assault" and "battery", but the instructions say that an assault is [an overt act intended to do bodily harm to another together with the present ability to cause such harm].

state, would, law, court, one, case, without, legal, right, jury
Does this apply to all states in the US? And if the judge did and the priest refused, would the priest be held in contempt?
Though Section 52 of Indian Copyright Act provides a list of acts which aren't to be regarded as copyright infringement, but many of the things in the list are ambiguous and you'll have to check with a lawyer if they apply or not.

schedule, cola, coca, attachment, contentious, pepsi, bell, irc, xor, respectively
Does this "respectively" modify "parties" or the verb "incorporates"? I think "respectively" is redundant and inconsequential here because "this agreement" is grouped together with "the Schedule stated above", which in turn allegedly comprises the initial "Agreement and Attachment(s)".
Would I (as pepsi) be allowed to compare a pepsi and a coca-cola bottle side to side?

burger, franchise, mou, franchisee, franchisor, academy, meat, winner, king, hob
If the franchisee is not an agent, the franchisor is not liable. If the franchisor exerts "enough" control, it is liable; if the franchisee is independent "enough", it is liable.
Recently, a vegan customer sued Burger King because a plant-based burger he bought at a Burger King franchise was cooked on a grill also used for cooking meat.

fox, metric, rescuetime, television, yellowknife, apparel, school, font, station, compatible
Yellowknife Waldorf School then rushes into court seeking a mandatory injunction against Fox Television requiring it to reinstate television programming for CKYK and CBLT immediately...
I found another company that has no relation to my school that can produce my apparel.

landlord, tenant, lease, month, rent, notice, day, property, pay, fee
My lease agreement specifies: "After that (July 15), this lease will automatically renew month-to-month unless either party gives at least 60 days' written notice of termination or intent to move out" So say I don't give them a move out notice, and my lease renews month-to-month.
It seems that landlord has breached the lease agreement by re-taking possession of the property and renting the house making it so that renter cannot move back in or live there if they wanted.

inadmissibility, alien, would, one, country, also, state, could, legal, company
4. Inadmissibility and deportability. (a) Determinations of inadmissibility. 3(b)(3): (3) Additional charges of inadmissibility.
Similarly, as noted in another answer, inadmissibility and deportability are triggered if the lie was for the purpose of obtaining a benefit under federal or state law.

shop, wall, ball, cube, ink, pawn, rubik, golf, painted, merritt
The wall is first painted with a layer of opaque ink and then painted with a message.
Lets say my company make a new shape of Rubik's Cube (a round ball twisty puzzle) and we call it a "Ball Cube" (my company is called "Puzzles" so its a "Puzzles Ball Cube").

rat, juris, sui, portuguese, mouse, rodent, portugal, arrogation, adoption, grandparent
Adrogation: Adoption of a person who is sui juris. It can't be both sui juris and alieni juris adoption.
I have noticed mice and rats aren't covered with legal protection for some reason.

lexis, reilly, carp, cod, chef, oliver, forgive, rip, debt, forgiven
After CARP gave (donated) the debt to RIP, then RIP was free to forgive the debts (which is its explicitly-stated mission).
Lexis has advertised as low as $175/month for Lexis "Advance". I find the value of Lexis is diminishing.

markup, pci, ds, metadata, element, enron, fidelity, plurality, tissue, compliant
A method for distributing educational electronic documents, the method comprising: generating markup language page elements and document structure metadata that collectively preserve page fidelity of a document having a plurality of correlated pages.
But all our payments are only handled by one payment gateway provider who is PCI-DSS compliant.

data, would, person, one, may, service, use, could, property, like
Though Section 52 of Indian Copyright Act provides a list of acts which aren't to be regarded as copyright infringement, but many of the things in the list are ambiguous and you'll have to check with a lawyer if they apply or not.
It is the mark owner's responsibility to enforce protection of their trademark, or else risk losing it for not helping defend the public from confusion about which goods are genuinely from the brand.

stereo, holmes, trigg, shapiro, cordon, hastings, revolution, sir, serial, jonathan
Can the cop see the stereo serial number after seizing the stereo? Did the cop have a right to seize the stereo under civil forfeiture law?
The defendant, Jonathan Trigg, is sole director, president, and sole shareholder of Trigg  Co.

license, vehicle, country, code, citizen, state, resident, citizenship, registration, gpl
According to pages of the CA DMV: New vehicles bought outside California must be registered in CA Unregistered vehicles must be registered within a few days of establishing CA residency Driving a vehicle with expired registration, whether with CA or another state, is unlawful However, it is unclear to me what happens with old vehicles.
I need a foreign passport, permanent resident card, and drivers license/ID.

inhabited, camp, septic, tehlirian, scout, bsa, surrounded, property, would, used
I work at a Scout (BSA) affiliated camp. We cannot build a septic system at camp because we are surrounded by water, and we have been told septic systems must be built 100 yards from water.
“Inhabited structure” and “inhabited property” do not include the real property on which an inhabited structure or an inhabited property is located.

venmo, aws, paypal, agb, spraying, powered, squirrel, escrow, gray, right
This seems to say that you can say on your sites that are powered by AWS that they are powered by AWS.
My understanding is that they/their parent company handle payment processing, escrow, and payout themselves.

currency, cbsa, courier, fung, manfred, pokeball, monetary, traveller, instrument, basketball
In the Game, you can have Unlockable Skins for your Basketball, and some of those Skins are recognizable icons or things from other games like they have a Pokeball Skin, its not perfectly like a Pokeball but you can clearly identify it as a Pokeball.
This currency was not a cryptocurrency. FinCEN defines a CVC as a virtual currency that either (1) has an equivalent value in real currency or (2) acts as a substitute for real currency.

firearm, military, gun, weapon, patient, war, licensee, state, force, doctor
While portraying a member of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps, an actor in a theatrical or motion-picture production may wear the uniform of that armed force if the portrayal does not tend to discredit that armed force.
You may possess a rifle at a shooting range in New Jersey without a firearms purchaser identification card if the rifle was lent to you by the licensed range or a licensed instructor.

exclusion, country, nba, standard_rate, false, cyprus, greece, czech, austria, pt
The Kingdom of the Netherlands (Koninkrijk der Nederlanden) contains both the country (the Netherlands, or Holland) and the Carribean Netherlands.
If I want to use the score that is published on the NBA website (without reaching an agreement with NBA), would I infringe NBA's copyright in that case?

provisional, mb, lamp, lhd, byte, dt, kb, gb, embodiment, trait
A couple of thumb drives I got say they are 16 GB but on the back say: 1MB = 1,000,000 bytes / 1GB = 1,000,000,000 bytes This definition is the reason why I've accepted the false advertising on hard drive space.
Your definitions of KB, MB, and GB are incorrect. 1024 bytes is properly termed a kibibyte (or KiB), not a kilobyte.

toll, latin, english, germanic, spelling, throne, tolling, word, verb, language
The cognates of the Germanic source words in Latin, are not the same as the Latin word spelled in almost the same way as the Germanic source word which is the Latin root for the legal meaning.
"Apparently the Queen of England [sic] is not allowed to sit on a foreign throne,” explained Benioff during an interview with Late Night host Seth Meyers.

exposure, chemical, skin, exposed, weakness, cancer, dichlorvos, toxic, toxicity, delayed
He washed off the dichlorvos with soap and water. Systemic effects can occur from dermal exposure to organophosphates.
My question is: According to this definition, are the gas chambers used by Hitler chemical weapons and, does the lethal injection currently in use also qualify as a chemical weapon?

vegetarian, rutgers, ipfs, singapore, daca, chancellor, undocumented, would, steward, dream
I got vegetarian food on the Hyderabad to Singapore flight (he shorter one) without any fuss, but on the Singapore to Brisbane flight, the crew said this was not possible.
What constitutes a vegetarian menu item? What are the consequences of advertising or claiming a dish as vegetarian when in fact it contains a non-vegetarian ingredient?

numeral, turner, suffix, william, naming, name, numerical, trademark, law, product
Thus, a child could be named "John William Turner III," but not "John William Turner 3" or "John William 3 Turner.
Does our numeral system affect it? If we used base 7 (so "10 years" will mean 7 years, "20 years" will mean 14 years and so on), would courts sentence the same?

jd, ostensible, boiler, supermarket, hydrolevel, llb, miller, oxford, ba, josephine
So why did these 'legal eagles' NOT do an LLM, in place of the second LLB or JD?
ASME's interpretation was used by McDonnell and Miller salesmen as proof of Hydrolevel's noncompliance.

java, oracle, seed, api, fmla, sql, farmer, mysql, crypto, recertification
The "declaring code and the structure, sequence, and organization of the API packages" is what Google took and what the CAFC held was entitled to copyright protection.
AFAIK there is no licensing deal and we use most of the Java packages for which Oracle sued Google.

prize, drawing, raffle, lottery, ticket, bpa, shkreli, chance, would, receptacle
Before a prize drawing, each stub or other detachable section of each ticket sold or won through some other authorized charitable game conducted by the same organization holding the raffle, shall be placed into a receptacle from which the winning tickets are drawn.
Now if the raffle holder decides not to award either prize, am entitled to the prize/value of prize or a refund of purchase price of ticket or nothing at all?

compound, diabetes, case, court, would, law, one, legal, may, party
If the prior art does not describe using the compound (or another compound that one of ordinary skill in the art might expect to act similarly) to treat diabetes in any way, then the method might be as broad as any way of treating diabetes with the compound.
A compound called CxHyOz in the history has been discovered as an antibiotic for killing bacteria.

apple, orange, pear, state, would, contract, company, law, legal, use
Can Apple prevent me from saying that "my product is for Apple computer"? For example, if I manufacture mouse for Apple computer, can I advertisement that my mouse is for Apple computer?
So, my questions are: Does Apple consider an image of a real apple to be a variation of the Apple logo?

dns, server, ddos, attack, ntsb, stress, upstream, test, cloudflare, uscode
You don't think a DDOS test will inflict "damage. But there are many other factors involved in a DDOS attack test other than the one DNS service: you need to consider each ISP, each upstream provider, each network between the DNS service and the target server, in each country, as a DDOS attack - even a controlled stress test - creates huge amounts of traffic all across each network and as such costs time and money to each.
I read on this Cloudflare's blog post that hackers use misconfigured DNS servers to amplify their attacks.

merchandise, np, remarriage, vic, unordered, maintenance, computational, brilliant, would, one
If I purchase merchandise in a physical store, and then (accidentally or not) leave the merchandise at the store after I've paid for it, is the store allowed to resell that merchandise to another customer?
Otherwise the merchandise may be treated as unordered merchandise. Moreover, customers who receive unordered merchandise are legally entitled to treat the merchandise as a gift.

brief, amicus, curia, timeframe, overpayment, motion, helicopter, court, party, would
I submitted an amicus curiae brief to a federal case and it was rejected on the grounds I had no permission from the court to submit one, however, in the brief itself, at the beginning I specifically asked for permission to submit the brief.
Any other amicus curiae may file a brief only by leave of court or if the brief states that all parties have consented to its filing.

kernel, mod, linux, space, authored, use, work, protectable, law, public
So all you're doing that other programs don't do is this: Linux -> Kernel Mods -> Program Here, the kernel mods are clearly a derivative work of the Linux kernel.
Or is this a situation where the modification of the kernel implicitly creates a dependency that turn the the combination of the user-space program with the modified kernel into derived work?

indemnified, puppy, indemnifying, breeder, broadband, worm, breed, commencement, dial, party
The one puppy has a hold in her heart and both puppies have worms. The condition of this breeder was horrible.
I called other breeders who vouched for her (granted, it's a rare breed, so there aren't a whole boatload of breeders and they all seem to be "good buds") and inspected her home/breeding facilities/puppy care and socialization areas/practices before reserving a puppy.

property, right, would, party, state, may, user, public, law, case
Does this apply to all states in the US? And if the judge did and the priest refused, would the priest be held in contempt?
It is the mark owner's responsibility to enforce protection of their trademark, or else risk losing it for not helping defend the public from confusion about which goods are genuinely from the brand.

police, would, car, officer, get, could, person, question, right, one
I watched a YouTube video recently which depicted the following situation, and I'd like to learn more about what peoples' rights are and what an officer's obligations are in a situation like this: A filming crew flew a drone above property to photograph a private business operation.
Where a driver or operator of a vehicle intends to turn to the right into an intersecting highway, he or she shall, where the highway on which he or she is driving has marked lanes for traffic, approach the intersection within the right-hand lane or, where it has no such marked lanes, by keeping immediately to the left of the right curb or edge of the roadway.

beef, aaron, japan, designation, kobe, chicken, geographic, certified, cream, min
...but is not certified Kobe Beef under the Japanese geographic designation laws, this would not violate either of these laws because the geographic designation is accurate.
I ordered chicken burrito but they made it beef burrito. What should I do about it any suggestion if I can sue the restaurant serving me beef which is against my religion to eat

mr, blockchain, founder, token, softdao, buisnessman, incumbentco, softcoin, largest, ethereum
Founder is not a majority or even largest owner of the SoftCoin tokens.
Where can I find actual cases where Blockchain (particularly Ethereum Blockchain) was used in a case, or better yet, decided the verdict of a case.

patreon, swing, golfer, subscribed, patenting, diamond, work, would, use, jqning
The golfer went on to patent his new swing form/technique because Diamond v.
But from my point of view, patenting a golf swing might be problematic.

cryptographic, munition, cryptography, mosquito, specie, itar, croatia, descendant, weapon, insect
Encryption is not a weapon. Weapons are a subset of munitions. Encryption, or rather cryptographic technology and systems, is a munition.
ITAR regulates munitions. The bottom line is that the definition of cryptographic equipment and technology as a munition by ITAR does not make it a weapon.

gst, dlna, sauce, dodgy, would, alliance, law, court, lawyer, case
Some items, like basic food, are GST-free, so effectively they have a GST of 0%.
Did it went smooth? DLNA standard itself is open and all the requirements are freely available, the same way as UPNP specifications which are the basis for DLNA.
