word, one, something, mean, would, used, meaning, like, phrase, example
Even the word "wise,"used ironically in reference to someone (perhaps weather-worn) who would not normally be associated with wisdom, could be made to have a deeper meaning that would encompass the nuance of "wizened by hardship.
) The search brings back about 8300 results, very few of them actually finding the the word as a word, in the sense I'm suggesting it.
Aggressive behaviour is an individual or collective social interaction that is a hostile behaviour with the intention of inflicting damage or harm. ...
I want a word that refers to the nature of the thing and whose connotation is that no dispute can even be entertained.
Cheer can mean a general demeanour as well as a literal cheer, (a cheerful person) and faking means having the outward appearance of something which does not reflect reality.
This means to give up the notion that in order to obtain solitude, you need to abandon the idea that self is the focus of understanding.
A POV can be "omniscient" (the author reveals things that individual characters couldn't know), but in your example the author chooses to keep the narrative much more tightly controlled, i.e.
If a true "enemy" acts like a friend, it's usually a cover-up and an act of deception It seems the OP is referring to a rival (a person competing with others for the same thing), an opponent (a person who disagrees with something and speaks against it) or a fair-minded person/adversary rather than a sworn enemy.
" Unlike the lost prophet who has at the very least the intention (obsession)of getting others somewhere and perhaps inaccurate references and a wrong belief, a "lost crank" is just someone who is...
to the victor go the spoils, alternatively winner take all These idioms are not usually applied to explain or excuse actions morally, but they are sometimes.

located, anxiety, bachelor, commission, republic, eager, anxious, equality, ho, bin
Anything in a litter bin couldn't be litter, by reason of it's being in the litter bin.
All diplomatic representative offices are now designated as embassies or high commissions.
Odorous? (Odourous in the UK) (Same in the UK, see below) Scented if the smell was added (Strawberry-scented envelopes, but not scented strawberries) or smelly if the smell is pungent or unpleasant (smelly cheese can be good, smelly socks aren't).
Or does it mean Indian Embassy or High Commission or Consulate or Apostille? Does it mean Indian Embassy or Indian High Commission or Indian Consulate or Indian Apostille?
Is it considered informal to refer to tabloid and broadsheet newspapers as a "tabloid" and "broadsheet", as opposed to "tabloid newspaper" and "broadsheet newspaper"?
Pajama/Pyjama: loose-fitting clothes worn for sleep Paijama is the word from which pajama/pyjama has been derived.
Gradually, all legations became embassies -- except diplomatic missions exchanged by members of the British Commonwealth, which used the term high commission.
I don't know what would be grammatically correct, commission or commissions, in the following sentences: We will pay you commission(s) for each client you refer to us.
Inspection is complete for both the Indian embassy and the Bangladeshi embassy, with further inspection due for completion....
Marine (1780) 11, Hola-ho, a cry which answers to yoe-hoe. Yo ho ho may either have been extended to fit in the song, or an alternative version of yo heave ho or yoho.

hill, perception, soup, container, footnote, wooden, yiddish, illusion, pit, stimulus
A schlemazel is the guy he spills it on. A: A schlemiel is the guy who always spills the soup.
Hallucination Hallucination is a false perception. Illusion Illusion is a kind of wrong perception.
I have to describe an object that is: a pair of round/rounded earrings, made of wood/wooden, with bosses of brass/brass bossed?
Ibid. (Latin, short for ibidem, meaning the same place) is the term used to provide an endnote or footnote citation or reference for a source that was cited in the preceding endnote or footnote.
perception of people = perception about people // perception of people = people's perception
The state of persistent hallucinations is "hallucinosis," but the nature of the hallucinations is not restricted.
Grammatically, ComboBox containers is a compound noun with containers modified by ComboBox.
The saying goes, in order to tell which is which, is that the person who spills their bowl of soup is the schlemiel, and the person they spill it on is the schlemazel.
dwa-yan] noun, plural doy·ens  [doi-enz, doi-enz; Fr. A suggestion for someone you follow might be doyen: doy·en   [doi-en, doi-uhn; Fr.
The NOAD simply reports that shiver my timbers, or shiver me timbers is a mock oath attributed to sailors.

agent, spy, bark, intensive, attendance, cancelled, thrive, canceled, centred, espionage
Egyptian hieroglyphs are the most popular, but the word hieroglyph is of Greek origin ("sacred carvings") and can refer to the characters of several other logographic writing systems: Anatolian Hieroglyphs Cretan Hieroglyphs Olmec Hieroglyphs And more.
This supports what @JoseK wrote as comment to the question: Corpus of Contemporary American English (COCA): CANCELED 3746 CANCELLED 640 British National Corpus: CANCELLED 1194 CANCELED 1
A few common words that are largely onomatopoetic: sigh whack whoosh plink ping-pong plop flop whisk blab murmur susurrus pop click honk bark yap
An undercover agent; a spy. PRYOR Viper i. Thes. Silent eye, spook, spotter. Slang §458/16 ‘Spotter.
The answer of each agent depends on the number of other agents answering the same.
If you mean spy used as noun, then you can use secret agent, undercover agent, intelligence agent, double agent, mole, snoop.
A spook is the agent tasked with "erasing an issue". Differing from a spy, a spook does not exist on paper anywhere.
Example: Cancelled vs canceled (British) Cancelled vs canceled (American) It isn't perfect but it can give you a good approximation.
How about UPS/FedEx/pizza deliverer? deliverer: a person who delivers goods to customers usually over a regular local route : We eagerly took the food and tipped the deliverer Merriam-Webster Ngram pizza deliverer
An "undercover agent" comes to mind. " TFD or "an infiltrator" "someone who takes up a position surreptitiously for the purpose of espionage" TFD

argument, health, bar, ad, fallacy, healthy, bbc, advertising, reasoning, selected
Iron (mispronounced by some as I-run) Dais (mispronounced by some as dias) Greenwich (mispronounced by some as green witch) niche (mispronounced by some as nike) orchid (mispronounced by some as or-cheed) Maoist (mispronounced by some as may-ost) Debris (mispronounced by some as deb-ris) Tupple (mispronounced by some as tyu-ple)
The same applies to the radii, but you more normally talk in terms of diameters of pipes than radii.
, It has been associated with neoclassical economics and the neoclassical synthesis, which combines neoclassical methods and Keynesian approach macroeconomics.
To my ear, "healthful" refers to something that promotes health, like a "healthful diet" or a "healthful climate," whereas someone who eats a healthful diet has a better chance of being "healthy.
It is also called argument to logic (argumentum ad logicam), fallacy fallacy, fallacist's fallacy, and bad reasons fallacy."
Inox steel is stainless because it does not stain, but is stain the same thing as rust?
Such an attack is called an ad hominem. It is considered to be a fallacy. From wikipedia: Ad hominem (Latin for "to the man" or "to the person"), short for argumentum ad hominem, is where an argument is rebutted by attacking the character, motive, or other attribute of the person making the argument, or persons associated with the argument, rather than attacking the substance of the argument itself.
(Stay healthy with a healthful diet.) The two often are used interchangeably, but "healthy" more commonly implies state or sense of health and "healthful," benefitting or promoting health.
The Lua interpreter ____ foo. lua. lua. lua. For interpreters (such as Lua), what is the equivalent verb?
Googling for these terms returns hundreds of relevant results, mostly papers such as: Previewing the Neighborhood: The Role of Orthographic Neighbors as Parafoveal Previews in Reading (PDF) Children Like Dense Neighborhoods: Orthographic Neighborhood Density Effects in Novel Readers (PDF) Phonographic neighbors, not orthographic neighbors, determine word naming latencies (PDF) Some great reading there.

year, time, one, two, child, first, name, three, john, month
They are: "Eleven Hundred " "Twelve Hundred " "Thirteen Hundred " "Fourteen Hundred " "Fifteen Hundred " "Sixteen Hundred " "Seventeen Hundred " "Eighteen Hundred " "Nineteen Hundred " "Twenty One Hundred " "Twenty Two Hundred " "Twenty Three Hundred " "Twenty Four Hundred " "Twenty Five Hundred " "Twenty Six Hundred " "Twenty Seven Hundred " "Twenty Eight Hundred " "Twenty Nine Hundred " "Thirty One Hundred " "Thirty Two Hundred " "Thirty Three Hundred " "Thirty Four Hundred " "Thirty Five Hundred " "Thirty Six Hundred " "Thirty Seven Hundred " "Thirty Eight Hundred " "Thirty Nine Hundred " "Forty One Hundred " "Forty Two Hundred " "Forty Three Hundred " "Forty Four Hundred " "Forty Five Hundred " "Forty Six Hundred " "Forty Seven Hundred " "Forty Eight Hundred " "Forty Nine Hundred " "Fifty One Hundred " "Fifty Two Hundred " "Fifty Three Hundred " "Fifty Four Hundred " "Fifty Five Hundred " "Fifty Six Hundred " "Fifty Seven Hundred " "Fifty Eight Hundred " "Fifty Nine Hundred " "Sixty One Hundred " "Sixty Two Hundred " "Sixty Three Hundred " "Sixty Four Hundred " "Sixty Five Hundred " "Sixty Six Hundred " "Sixty Seven Hundred " "Sixty Eight Hundred " "Sixty Nine Hundred " "Seventy One Hundred " "Seventy Two Hundred " "Seventy Three Hundred " "Seventy Four Hundred " "Seventy Five Hundred " "Seventy Six Hundred " "Seventy Seven Hundred " "Seventy Eight Hundred " "Seventy Nine Hundred " "Eighty One Hundred " "Eighty Two Hundred " "Eighty Three Hundred " "Eighty Four Hundred " "Eighty Five Hundred " "Eighty Six Hundred " "Eighty Seven Hundred " "Eighty Eight Hundred " "Eighty Nine Hundred " "Ninety One Hundred " "Ninety Two Hundred " "Ninety Three Hundred " "Ninety Four Hundred " "Ninety Five Hundred " "Ninety Six Hundred " "Ninety Seven Hundred " "Ninety Eight Hundred " "Ninety Nine Hundred "
It's been around five years since I (last) went there. It's been around five years since I haven't been there.
or We are a family of four: my father, my mother, my brother and myself. or We are a family of four: my father, my mother, my brother and I.
It's not clear which you mean: younger daughter-in-law, or wife of younger son, or wife of son who married second.
My relationship to my cousin's dad is nephew-uncle. My relationship to my cousin is cousin-cousin.
Before that, her sister, my wife, and I visited Grandma". "My wife and I just got back from the beach.
If you have several sisters, it gets more complicated: The sisters closest to you in age, but younger, are your younger/little sisters.
In England we say "two-thousand-and-one" not "two-thousand-one" etc. Most people say twenty-eleven, twenty-twelve, but I'd say there was a 50/50 split between 'two-thousand-and-ten' and 'twenty-ten'.
Say Mr/Ms ( last name ) ---- Travolta or Mr/ Ms (first+ last name ) -------John Travolta but don't say "Mr/ Ms ( first name ) ---- John".
In most cases I would say that the family name should come first, as in "the Ringling Brothers circus" or "the Bronte sisters", but then there is the Dostoyevsky novel "The Brothers Karamazov".

game, football, pull, baseball, jump, pitch, rope, museum, resolution, cricket
of a massagist (masseur or masseuse) as herein defined... source It shall be a violation of this section for any person that doesn't hold a curremt license as a massage therapist to advertise therapy services by using the terms "massage", "massage therapist", "licensed massage therapist", "massage practitioner", "massagist", "masseur or masseuse"...
Although both 'batsmen' and 'batters' have definitions in dictionaries that suggest they can be used interchangeably, it is more common to use the term 'batsmen' in cricket and 'batters' in baseball.
What is the etymology of "skipping rope" as you are jumping not skipping? Do they call it skipping rope or jump rope in the States as there are World Rope Skipping Federation (WRSF) and The United States Amateur Jump Rope Federation (USAJRF)?
q=skipping+rope What is the etymology of skipping rope as you are jumping not skipping ?
or If your life is a game, then how to win in the game of life? Can "win the game" and "win in the game" be used interchangeably?
He can jump rope 3 times more than Judy does. Judy can jump rope 50 times. Bill can jump rope 150 times.
The term today and the one that massage therapist prefer is (massage therapist) and not masseuse/masseur.
Never call a professionally licensed massage therapist a masseuse. A real massage therapist obtains a professional license through an accredited massage therapy school or program.
"Jump rope" can refer to the rope itself, or to the activity of using a jump rope.
It's not a baseball match, or a tennis game, so is there a rule of English that differentiates a match from a game?.

ground, fun, floor, fee, slippery, building, darling, fo, bronze, hazardous
Here are several reasons why: Slippery floors could be hazardous, but not all slippery floors are wet, and wet floors could be hazardous in other ways besides causing slippage.
This is because the ground floor does not count as a floor. The floor above is 1st floor, second floor, third floor + the ground floor = three floors, yet four stories.
It is ground floor in GB and first floor in the US. The first three levels top to bottom are: US: Third Floor Second Floor First Floor GB: Second Floor First Floor Ground Floor
Ground floor – First floor: In British English, the floor of a building which is level with the ground is called the ground floor.
"Ground Floor" is used to describe the floor on the ground because the first floor is actually the basement.
Normally there is a slight difference between the ground floor and the first floor depending on a commercial or residential building.
I think the floor above the ground floor, in public buildings, is either called 2nd floor (in which case the ground floor is the first) or 1st floor.
Fee-fi-fo-fum; I smell the blood of an Englishman. Joseph Jacobs, Jack and the Beanstalk (1890) I've read about the origin of 'Fee-fi-fo-fum' but what does it actually mean?
" The first floor would have 50 floors to clean, and the second floor would have "just" the one floor.
Elsewhere, "fun" is an adjective and can be modified by "very": "The carousel is a very fun ride", where "ride" is a noun modified by the adjective "fun" and "fun" is modified by "very".

book, text, page, title, section, paragraph, read, chapter, introduction, visual
What about Page Master Page Manager Page Director Page Wrangler Page Shepherd Page Guru Page Chief Page Maven Page Holder Page Warden Page Handler Page Coach Page Leader Page Czar Page Prince
Subsection 1 Text of subsection 1.1. Subsection 2 Text of subsection 1.2. Section One This is preamble of the section 1.
The order of subdivision runs "Part (Subpart) and Section (Subsection)" between paragraph and chapter, as I found.
means I read a book with the title Robin Hood, and I read the Robin Hood book. The title goes after book or paper.
Results for inputting visual, olfactory, and auditory were: visual olfactory auditory gustatory tactile kinesthetic vestibular proprioceptive pain touch/pressure gravity receptors kinaesthetic somatosensory So, tactile it is!
When Chapter 1 begins, the pages are numbered with Arabic numerals. In the theoretical books I've read, I mentioned lowercase Roman numerals denoting page numbers of the introduction part of the book which is just before the first chapter.
"Buyer's remorse" is the remorse experienced by a buyer. Similarly the Corpus of Contemporary American English gives 36 examples of "buyer's remorse", but "buyer remorse" has just 1, and there are no results for either "buyers' remorse" or "buyers remorse".
LaTeX divides a Book into Chapters, a Chapter into Sections, a Section into SubSections, a SubSection into SubSubSections.
In your example, books ARE what you have read most, so I would agree that in diagrammatic reasoning most of what you've read ARE books.
Here are a few I came up with, choose one that suits you: Book-Bandit Book-Clip Book-Plunderer Book-Pocket Book-Lifter Library-Climber Library-Breaker Book-Breaker Biblio-Bandit Lendup-Artist Biblio-Bezzler Biblio-Prowler Book-Prowler

day, next, date, last, week, every, meeting, today, meet, th
Every day means: day1, day2, day3, day4, day5, etc. Every other day means: day1, day3, day5, day7, etc.
If you are saying on Sunday, 'This Wednesday' will mean Wednesday of this week, 'Last Wednesday' means previous week's and next will mean next week's.
If it's Sunday, 'next Monday' is a week tomorrow. If it's Sunday, 'this Monday' is tomorrow.
For example, on Monday, October 11 and Wednesday, October 13, “next Tuesday” means October 19.
3) | day1(o) day2(x) | day3(x) day4(o) | day5(x) day6(o) | day7(o) day8(x) |...
till Monday means that you expect to be working on the homework every day from now until Monday.
last 30 days the 30 days before the last 30 days (so today-60 until today-30) -- what can I call this?
"the week from date" specifically means the week that begins on that date. "the week of date" means the week (starting from either Sunday or Monday) during which that date occurs, often but not necessarily starting from that date.
On its own, last week means the entire previous week. So on a Tuesday, last week would be the previous Monday to Friday, or Monday to Sunday, depending.
For example, today- for this day or at the present time tomorrow- means the day after today yesterday- the day before today week- means 7 days fortnight- means two weeks And i just recently know that yestreen, a chiefly Scottish word means last night.

degree, master, temperature, scale, warm, measurement, lesser, measured, proceed, cable
I will illustrate the possibilities: 20 – 100 ºC 20 ºC – 100 ºC 20 – 100 (º C) 20 – 100 (º Celsius) 20 to 100 degrees C 20 to 100 degrees Celsius 20 degrees and 100 degrees C 20 degrees and 100 degrees Celsius 20º and/to 100º C 20º and/to 100º Celsius 20º – 100º C 20º C – 100º C 20º – 100º Celsius Finally, the degree symbol is the same, whether you are on the Celsius or Fahrenheit scale.
I assume that Master's is in the possessive form because in the phrase "I have a Master's degree", it indicates that the degree is one possessed by a master.
The MA denotes a Master of Arts degree. You can say,"I have a Master's degree" for short.
When someone has more than one master’s degree, should these be described as have several masters’ degrees or several master’s degrees?
"Greek" means either an inhabitant of Greece, or from Greece, so a Greek urn must come from Greece.
Must I describe the range instead, as "between 180 and 190 degrees Fahrenheit"?
This new course is part of the new Masters degree, and is only needed if the Masters degree is approved or This new course is part of the new Masters degree, and it is only needed if the Masters degree is approved
The word "master's degree", used generically, means the degree attained by a master.
(90 degree / at 90 degree / to 90 degree) 90 degree / degrees bending of the metal bar was conducted.
This gets a bit confusing, appearing to contradict the "a name not a unit" explanation, when people say "60 Fahrenheit" or "40 Celsius", etc - really this is shorthand for "60 degrees Fahrenheit" or "40 degrees Celsius".

non, drunk, alcohol, da, sober, sequitur, decipher, cabbage, verisimilitude, proximate
If you try to substitute Timbuktu for Nantucket, the pattern of the emphasis is destroyed: there ONCE was a MAN from TIMbukTU da DA da da DA da DA da DA As a native speaker, you should have no trouble determining that "Nantucket" fits the stress pattern called for in the standard limerick form, and "Timbuktu" does not.
But I don't know the difference between "non alcohol" and "alcohol free". I think that "non alcohol" and "alcohol free" have the same meaning.
" hollered a shrill, wannabe voice-of-the-people, audibly virginal and entitled.
In the reported sentence sober means "not affected by alcohol; not drunk. " Other meanings of sober are: serious, sensible, and solemn: a sober view of life free from alcoholism; not habitually drinking alcohol muted in color: a sober gray suit
non-American (but not un-American) very non-articulate, inarticulate very non-assertive, unassertive “very” non-attached, unattached non-biological, unbiological “very” non-black nonblocking very nonchalant non-churchgoing “very” non-combustible, uncombustible, incombustible “very” non-compliant, uncompliant very non-conformant “very” non-compliant, uncompliant, incompliant very non-content, uncontent very nondescript, indescript very non-distinct, indistinct very non-effective, ineffective non-elastic, inelastic non-elected, unelected non-electrified “very” non-employed, unexmployed non-essential, unessential, inessential non-existent non-fictional “very” non-flammable (but not “inflammable”) non-flowering “very” non-greasy non-human “very” non-legal, illegal non-Latinate, illatinate non-imitable, unimitable, inimitable “very” non-literate, illiterate “very” non-Liberal, unliberal, illiberal very non-logical, unlogical, illogical non-luminated (but not “illuminated”) non-malignant non-mammalian very non-melodious, immelodious very non-memorable, unmemorable, immemorable non-mortal, immortal very non-natural, unnatural non-nuclear very non-original, unoriginal nonpareil non-paying, unpaying “very” non-perfect, imperfect “very” non-permanent, impermanent very nonplussed very non-popular, unpopular very non-rational, irrational non-reducible, unreducible, irreducible very non-regular, irregular “very” non-renewable, unrenewable, irrenewable “very” non-responsive, unresponsive, irresponsive non-reverent (but not “irreverent”, which can take a very more readily than can non-reverent) non-rotating non-scheduled, unscheduled non-significant, insignificant non-smoking very non-specific, unspecific “very” non-standard non-stick “very” non-trivial non-vegetarian “very” non-verbal non-viable “very” non-violent non-voting “very” non-white Additionally, applying negations like not or hardly to such words may not be uncumbersome outside of certain device of rhetoric (read: litotes).
I’m non sequitur. Examples: "I AM NON SEQUITUR" (blog) i am non-sequitur (livejournal) nickname "Non Sequitur" on twitter.
If the rest of a poem consists of lines of five iambs (or iambic feet) each ("da DA da DA da DA da DA da DA"), a line that consists of only three iambs (""da DA da DA da DA") is "two feet short.
Iambic pentameter normally follows this rhythm: da-DA da-DA da-DA da-DA da-DA Or, using the notation you suggested: da da' da da' da da' da da' da da' An iamb is a foot, and there are five of them, hence pentameter.
com/definition/english/sober (Not affected by alcohol; not drunk. not intoxicated or drunk.
Mike, 25; Jimmy, 44; and Joshua, 49, were arrested on a charge of petit larceny.

god, hard, drive, memory, ring, christian, kill, bridge, sat, substance
5" Floppy Disk (Floppy) Compact Disk (CD) Digital Versatile Disk (DVD) 25" Floppy Disk 3.
I would accept all of The cat sits on the mat The cat is sitting on the mat The cat sat on the mat The cat has sat on the mat The cat was sitting on the mat but also the transitive or passive forms of seat and sit She seats the cat on the mat She sits the cat on the mat She seated the cat on the mat She sat the cat on the mat She has seated the cat on the mat She has sat the cat on the mat The cat was seated on the mat by her The cat was sat on the mat by her The cat has been seated on the mat The cat has been sat on the mat The cat was seated on the mat The cat is seated on the mat That only leaves The cat was sat on the mat The cat is sat on the mat which I find difficult to reject, though here sat has a passive tone to me.
), ODD for Optical Disk Drive (more common terms are CD, DVD  Blu-ray Drives though), Tape Drive and USB Flash Drive.
In Buddhist texts in the English language, god refers to a being in the god realm, the other realms being the demigod realm, the human realm, the animal realm, the hungry ghost realm, and the hell realm.
So it would be incorrect to say that Hard Disk drives are the opposite of Solid State drives.
The difference between hard drive and hard disk drive is that the former is more concise.
But Cleopatra drank something to kill herself - that's poison. This other article explains the same as: Cleopatra Died From Poison.
Edgar Allen Poe's poem The Bells pretty much covers this. In this poem: sleigh bells tinkle and jingle, wedding bells ring and chime, alarm bells clang, funeral bells toll and knell.
Hard disk drive disc drive, hard drive, USB drive), and why was this term selected?
Venomous creatures and poisonous creatures both produce at least one substance that is toxic.

adjective, noun, style, mark, word, space, compound, line, quotation, hyphen
Unicode now calls all of these "Dash" characters (meaning, they have the "Dash" property, not that their names mention dash): U+002D ‭ - HYPHEN-MINUS U+058A ‭ ֊ ARMENIAN HYPHEN U+05BE ‭ ־ HEBREW PUNCTUATION MAQAF U+1400 ‭ ᐀ CANADIAN SYLLABICS HYPHEN U+1806 ‭ ᠆ MONGOLIAN TODO SOFT HYPHEN U+2010 ‭ ‐ HYPHEN U+2011 ‭ ‑ NON-BREAKING HYPHEN U+2012 ‭ ‒ FIGURE DASH U+2013 ‭ – EN DASH U+2014 ‭ — EM DASH U+2015 ‭ ― HORIZONTAL BAR U+2053 ‭ ⁓ SWUNG DASH U+207B ‭ ⁻ SUPERSCRIPT MINUS U+208B ‭ ₋ SUBSCRIPT MINUS U+2212 ‭ − MINUS SIGN U+2E17 ‭ ⸗ DOUBLE OBLIQUE HYPHEN U+2E1A ‭ ⸚ HYPHEN WITH DIAERESIS U+2E3A ‭ ⸺ TWO-EM DASH U+2E3B ‭ ⸻ THREE-EM DASH U+301C ‭ 〜 WAVE DASH U+3030 ‭ 〰 WAVY DASH U+30A0 ‭ ゠ KATAKANA-HIRAGANA DOUBLE HYPHEN U+FE31 ‭ ︱ PRESENTATION FORM FOR VERTICAL EM DASH U+FE32 ‭ ︲ PRESENTATION FORM FOR VERTICAL EN DASH U+FE58 ‭ ﹘ SMALL EM DASH U+FE63 ‭ ﹣ SMALL HYPHEN-MINUS U+FF0D ‭ － FULLWIDTH HYPHEN-MINUS There used to be a "Hyphen" property but it was supplanted by the word-break properties.
To add any kind of affix (prefix, suffix, infix, circumfix) to a word is called affixation.
Unicode calls these code points ones that have the “Dash” (well, or “Dash=Yes”) character property: U+002D ‭ - HYPHEN-MINUS U+058A ‭ ֊ ARMENIAN HYPHEN U+05BE ‭ ־ HEBREW PUNCTUATION MAQAF U+1400 ‭ ᐀ CANADIAN SYLLABICS HYPHEN U+1806 ‭ ᠆ MONGOLIAN TODO SOFT HYPHEN U+2010 ‭ ‐ HYPHEN U+2011 ‭ ‑ NON-BREAKING HYPHEN U+2012 ‭ ‒ FIGURE DASH U+2013 ‭ – EN DASH U+2014 ‭ — EM DASH U+2015 ‭ ― HORIZONTAL BAR U+2053 ‭ ⁓ SWUNG DASH U+207B ‭ ⁻ SUPERSCRIPT MINUS U+208B ‭ ₋ SUBSCRIPT MINUS U+2212 ‭ − MINUS SIGN U+2E17 ‭ ⸗ DOUBLE OBLIQUE HYPHEN U+2E1A ‭ ⸚ HYPHEN WITH DIAERESIS U+2E3A ‭ ⸺ TWO-EM DASH U+2E3B ‭ ⸻ THREE-EM DASH U+301C ‭ 〜 WAVE DASH U+3030 ‭ 〰 WAVY DASH U+30A0 ‭ ゠ KATAKANA-HIRAGANA DOUBLE HYPHEN U+FE31 ‭ ︱ PRESENTATION FORM FOR VERTICAL EM DASH U+FE32 ‭ ︲ PRESENTATION FORM FOR VERTICAL EN DASH U+FE58 ‭ ﹘ SMALL EM DASH U+FE63 ‭ ﹣ SMALL HYPHEN-MINUS U+FF0D ‭ － FULLWIDTH HYPHEN-MINUS There used to be a “Hyphen” property, but now that there are various sorts of word-break properties, the “Hyphen” property has been sent off to retirement.
Column1 Cell11 Column2 Cell12 Column3 Cell13 --------------- Column1 Cell21 Column2 Cell22 Column3 Cell23 It's not quite "pivoted".
How I use en dashes and em dashes En dashes: Sybrand Engelbrecht (1814–2177): Unspaced en dash.
Adjective: Single-word nouns are called ______-nouns. Noun: Single-word nouns are called ______.
You can find more on Wikipedia at Figure dash and Quotation dash A figure dash is a dash which is the same width as a digit (in fonts where all digits are the same width) and is used for alignment purposes.
" Or do we say: "It is spelt as A&mdash;N&mdash;G&mdash;L&mdash;O&mdash;hyphen&mdash;S&mdash;A&mdash;X&mdash;O&mdash;N."
When should I use an em-dash, an en-dash, and a hyphen? This is about hyphens (-), en-dashes (–) and em-dashes (—).
For example, when we form the noun "examination" the suffix "-ation" is used, not "-al" or "-ant".

car, stop, road, horse, street, move, train, travel, fast, direction
There are a lot of vehicles: cars, buses, airplanes, trucks but bicycles. There are a lot of vehicles: cars, buses, airplanes, trucks but not bicycles.
"traffic" (noun) Vehicles moving on a road or public highway. Google All the vehicles driving along a certain road or in a certain area MW no traffic very light traffic light traffic moderate traffic heavy traffic slow traffic congested traffic traffic jam
As the house and the bus stop are on the same side of the road, while giving directions you may use: "by the bus stop", "beside the bus stop", "on the same side as the bus stop","adjacent to the bus stop"(if close enough) or "a few steps from the bus stop"
That also explains why we get on the train, but in the train car. I remember different opinions on that: When you get in the car, you get directly into your seat, while on public transport you have to walk to it (plane, train, bus).
It's more common to take or catch a bus or train. To take a taxi is to ride in one.
Trains are stationed at a train station. Buses are stationed at a bus station. Why in this respect is "train station" incorrect?
Two lanes travelling in one direction, and two more lanes travelling in the opposite direction?
4) Go along the street. 3) Go along the street. 2) Go along the street, at the end of which is the railway station.
For example, "I travelled by car" means that I am travelling using a car for transportation.
The words board and deboard are used for getting on and getting off planes, trains, ships, busses, etc.

room, light, power, coffee, cup, clean, noise, paper, roll, pen
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
Definitely "electric power" then. electric (adjective) : worked by electricity charged with electricity generating electricity electrical (adjective) : relative to electricity of the nature of electricity operating by electricity We say electric fence, guitar, heater, organ, razor, shock, storm.
"Lights" in this context usually suggests "all the light bulbs in the room". But it can also mean the sum total of all the light that is illuminating the room; if you turn off all the lights, you've also turned off the light.
plural 1: chewing gum Do you have any chewing gum? Chewing gum is an uncountable (mass) noun, and therefore follows these rules for plurals: singular: chewing gum This chewing gum is delicious.
In (2), the blah-blah-blah backs up the informing. "This notice is to inform you that, in accordance with blah blah blah, I am proposing to suspend you.
Or, it (the idea of toast) toasts toast? I saw this funny meme from someeecards: It has me a little confused: To me it sounds like toast toasts toast, not toast toast toast.
electrical engineer, electrical component, electrical circuit. Electric current flows in a closed path called an electric circuit.
Pail is completely synonymous with bucket, except in phrases such as diner pail, slop pail, oyster pail, kick the bucket, bucket brigade, bucket seat, bucket hat, etc.
Switch on position A turns on the first light bulb, changing it to position B, turns on the second light bulb.
Last time, the pens were what is called, a "dip pen". You had to dip in the ink periodically (messier than your fountain pen) in order to write.

late, hour, morning, early, dinner, evening, tea, clock, meal, lunch
There's also lunch around noon followed by dinner in the evening. I've seen cases where a noon-time meal is referred to as dinner, and the evening meal is called supper.
In most dialects it now means the evening meal, but some folks still refer to the noon meal as dinner and the evening meal as supper.
Lunch – refers to the afternoon meal (somewhere between noon to 2 pm) Tea – refers to tea and snacks around evening time (4pm - 6pm) Dinner – refers to a meal at night (after evening, 7pm to 10 pm).
) dinner refers to the midday meal, and tea to the evening meal. The meal is morning tea.
In my experience, people in New Zealand generally use the following: breakfast = morning meal lunch = meal around noon tea (or dinner, less common) = evening meal supper = late evening snack also: morning tea = drinks and snacks mid-morning afternoon tea = drinks and snacks in the afternoon Morning tea and afternoon tea are also called "smoko" – particularly in more physical jobs, such as farming or construction.
From my understanding, "good evening" is used at around 6pm, while "good afternoon" is used for from noon time until around 6pm.
Lunch is usually a midday meal. Well, depending on where you live, dinner could be a midday, late-afternoon/early-evening, or late-night meal.
00pm - evening and the meal is dinner The time after 8. 00 pm) The time between 5.
I am interested to see what comments you get,however, I may not be abysmally wrong if I say: Early afternoon: 1 to 3pm, Late afternoon 4 to 5pm, Early evening 5 to 7 pm*.
bl. bl. php? php? qy=comparativelymysubmit=Go http://bnc. http://bnc. qy=relativelymysubmit=Go

stupid, sitting, seat, chair, committee, chocolate, idiot, member, chairman, consent
(-) Is the ionosphere, itself, disperse? " (-) Is the ionosphere not dispersed, but the ionosphere causes dispersion, then I would use "dispersive": ex: "With regard to light diffraction, 100% distilled water has a dispersive nature."
See also urheimat, urschleim, ursprache, urtext According to Wikipedia, Plato was an ur-feminist From OED: ur- (prefix) denoting ‘primitive, original, earliest,’ as ur-Hamlet, ur-origin, ur-stock, etc.
" It is referencing the helm of a ship - the steering mechanism (think: ⎈). The helmsman is the one who controls it, to literally take the helm would be to take control of the steering of the ship.
Sit on the chair; or Get on the chair. Whether the person is taller or shorter than the seat of the chair, what you end up doing is sitting on the chair.
The head of any kind of committee is usually called the "chairman" (or the gender-neutral terms "chair" or "chairperson").
of the steering committee... Should it be chair, chairperson or head? I am leading a steering committee of a community conference.
If the benfits apply to all members, then there there isn't much of a case against Members' Benefits.
So you're in an aeroplane seat, or in a train seat (as the seats are fixed or designed specifically for that environment) but on a dining chair or on a sofa as they're more "generic" ?
Was active when a member. "formerly active member" Still a member. "former active member" Used to be a member, but not anymore.
Merriam-Webster lists symmetric as being a variant of symmetrical, which is the 'official' dictionary entry: symmetrical, adj : 1 : having or involving symmetry : exhibiting symmetry : exhibiting correspondence in size and shape of parts : BALANCED, REGULAR {the human body is symmetrical} {crystals are often symmetrical} {a symmetrical garden} {a symmetrical grouping}

movie, night, happy, video, watch, tv, season, dish, exchange, map
We're off to see the Wizard The Wonderful Wizard of Oz We hear he is a whiz of a wiz If ever a wiz there was If ever, oh ever, a wiz there was The Wizard of Oz is one because Because, because, because, because, because Because of the wonderful things he does We're off to see the wizard The Wonderful Wizard of Oz!
at the night of Christmas Eve on the night of Christmas Eve in the night of Christmas Eve
the movie I played last This says to me this is the last movie played in a series of movies played.
Happy Halloween is the greeting because Halloween generally supposed to be a fun holiday.
Ecclesiastically, the eve of a feast was the night before. Christmas Eve Eve isn't a commonly-used term, so has no formal definition but I interpret Christmas Eve as the day before Christmas, and Christmas Eve Eve as the day before that.
I like to watch a TV series. I like to watch TV series. Uses series as singular and means you like to watch one TV show.
Christmas Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve... And the night before that was Christmas Eve Eve Eve.
There is "Season's greetings" or "Merry Christmas" for Christmas. "Happy Halloween" just does not sound right to me because of the contrast between "happy" and the "pseudo-horrifying" nature of Halloween.
] He wants to watch movies. ] He wants to watch the movies. He wants to watch the movie.
Do not watch Movie B. Do not watch Movie A. Do not watch Show Y. Do not watch Show X.

people, country, american, world, america, culture, north, south, group, indian
For example, people from Indian are Asian, but their culture is very different from Japan, China, and Korea.
People don't know it but it is slighlty offensive to some South Asians and Middle Easterners as they too are part of the Asia continent.
People often refer to the country US as America and to the people from the US as Americans.
Africa, North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Australia -- that's the North American view.
One can refer to an American Indian as a Native American, but I cannot come up with an unambiguous term for an Indian from the Indian subcontinent.
In the US, those who are residents of the nation of India can be called "Indian".
'American Indians': Native American : a member of any of the first groups of people living in North America or South America; especially : a member of one of these groups from the U.S.
) or Canadian for the other citizens of the American continent Do note that the Asian term also can be split into Asian, East-Asian and South-east Asian
people from China = Chinese people from Japan = Japanese people from Australia = Australian people from Lebanon = Lebanese people from Sweden = Swedish Are there any rules that govern this?
This is similar to other nations, like the Peoples' Republic of China are referred to as "Chinese", not "Peoples' Republic of China-ese".

skill, taught, hang, talent, stream, throwing, sarah, filter, acquire, talented
A tortoise is a turtle. But a turtle is not explicitly a tortoise. Tortoises are a species of turtle.
The "Sarah Palin impersonator" refers to an actual Sarah Palin impersonator, a person who showed up at the meeting impersonating Sarah Palin.
Reload, in the same meaning you would reload a gun, reload a stapler, reload a mechanical pencil, etc.
Interpretive skill / interpretation skill Investigating skill / investigation skill / investigative skill Navigating skill / navigation skill / navigational skill?
or Individuals have differential capacities in investing in acquiring these skills, depending on their social class.
” What is the relationship between “he taught us” and “Tortoise”? “We called him a Tortoise because he taught us.
Which prepositions can be used with "competence"? Specificially, which of the following examples are valid/legal: I have competence on computers I have competence with computers I have competence as a programmer Our company has competence in programming Our company has competence on programming Our company has competence with programming and cooking Our company has competence within the fields of programming and cooking Our company has several employees with competence with programming Our company has several employees with programming competence
BrE or AmE, a wrench is a 'wrench' and a spanner is 'spanner. tap wrench and pipe wrench), or may be used for a monkey wrench - an adjustable spanner.
Other options, which I feel are less natural, include Detail of Technical Skills Detailed Technical Skills Technical Skills (Expanded) vs Technical Skills in Overview Summary of Technical Skills Technical Skills (Summarised)
The difference between collaborative skills (skills that are collaborative) and collaboration skills (skills of collaboration) can be compared to the difference between a fit instructor (instructor who is fit) and a fitness instructor(instructor of fitness)

thee, layer, thick, stigma, timid, clone, kindergarten, submissive, thuh, blemish
Rather, it should be written: a 5 mm-thick layer or, better, a five millimeter-thick layer 5 mm-thick is a compound adjective formed from the adjectives 5 mm and thick, and it modifies layer.
So, a kid either done with preschool or never gone to preschool is kindergarten ready.
How thick? A 20-meter-thick layer. With The layer is 20 meters thick. In contrast, with It's a 20-meter-thick layer.
For example: * Layer 1 - Layer2 "Layer 2 is nested in Layer 1". Layer 2. Like: * Layer 1 * Layer 2 I have ...
When saying the title of JRR Tolkien's masterpiece, which is the correct pronunciation (Yes, I know that they're spelled wrong, but I'm trying to emphasize the pronunciation): Thuh Lord of thuh Rings Thee Lord of thee Rings Thuh Lord of thee Rings Thee Lord of thuh Rings I'm partial to the first pronunciation, but another family member is adamant that the last one is the correct one.
thuh apple, thuh energy plant, thuh interesting fact, thuh umbilical cord it's all the same as thuh dog.
In lower layer PS is greater than that in the upper layer. For example: In lower layer PS=10% In upper layer PS=5% For this I wrote the sentence as below: In lower layer PS is greater than upper layer.
Because you are still in a kindergarten. We're not in a kindergarten anymore. We're not in kindergarten anymore.
I employ X excluding the A layer, C layer, and B function. I employ X excluding the A layer, the C layer, and the B function.
But I'm thinking of 'stigma' not as a blemish, but rather a negative connotation, so that the antonym I'm looking for is not the lack of a blemish but a postive connotation (i.e.

house, building, property, ex, land, ing, al, live, flat, pro
We have a ded­i­cat­ed ques­tion for that, to which this ques­tion is not in­tend­ed to sup­ply ar­gu­ments one way or the oth­er.
and whose ex­tend­ed ab­stract reads: I ar­gue there are four class­es of ad­jec­tives rel­e­vant to syn­tac­tic or­der­ing: pred­ica­tive/in­ter­sec­tive, pred­ica­tive/non-in­ter­sec­tive, non-pred­ica­tive, clas­si­fy­ing (Sven­on­i­us 2008, Al­ex­i­a­dou et al 2007), and pre­vi­ous pro­pos­als have not iden­ti­fied the rel­e­vant se­man­tic di­men­sions.
What is the dif­fer­ence be­tween these two sen­tences? The dif­fer­ence be­tween these two sen­tences: Pre­sen­ta­tion events al­low for the shar­ing of knowl­edge.
is apt to pro­voke gram­mat­i­cal con­fu­sion be­cause you aren’t ini­tial­ly cer­tain about what two syn­tac­tic con­stituents (call them X and Y) which the con­junc­tion and is co­or­di­nat­ing.
I just can't un­der­stand the gram­mat­i­cal con­struc­tion af­ter the link­ing word, and¹.
Some examples: Wi-Fi&reg; - owned by the Wi-Fi Alliance Bluetooth&reg; - owned by the Bluetooth Special Interest Group WiMAX&trade; - owned by the WiMAX Forum Wi-Fi Protected Access&reg; - owned by the Wi-Fi Alliance; also known as WPA ZigBee&reg; - owned by the ZigBee Alliance AirPort&reg; - owned by Apple Inc.
Does maven have any neg­a­tive con­no­ta­tions? I’m in­ter­ested in us­ing the word maven to de­scribe some­one as be­ing an ex­pert, but don’t want to seem con­de­scend­ing.
Is it even pos­si­ble for pro­nouns to have syn­onyms? I’m ask­ing if there has been any in­di­ca­tion (e.g.
So be­head was al­ready used long be­fore the de- pri­va­tive pre­fix came to be used pro­duc­tive­ly in English.
He/she/it is the tenant and the lessor is the landlord. the person renting property under a written lease from the owner (lessor).

government, crime, blame, guilty, tie, destination, dedicated, commit, commitment, earned
I always use by, because in this context we mean "grouped by" PnL by trader = PnL results grouped by trader PnL by day= PnL results grouped by day VaR by asset = VaR results grouped by asset VaR by portfolio = VaR results grouped by portfolio
Or if I want to say that Juan gives a present to Ana and Pedro gives a present to Ana: Juan gives a present to Ana, [him/he] too.
With some reorganization of your sentence, you can use words like faux pas, verboten, taboo, forbidden, and gauche.
Decry. (transitive) To denounce as harmful. (transitive) To blame for ills. Verb decry (third-person singular simple present decries, present participle decrying, simple past and past participle decried) 1.
: A saturated spooky-graphoid is a spooky-graphoid such that [rephrased part]. A spooky-graphoid is said saturated when/if… A spooky-graphoid is said a saturated spooky-graphoid when/if… A spooky-graphoid is said to be saturated when/if… A spooky-graphoid is said to be a saturated spooky-graphoid when/if… (something I didn't think of, or something that involves a rephrasing.
provides an environment for them to commit their savagery' '... provides an environment for them to commit their barbarity'
Wiktionary's entry for s'il vous plaît reads: s’il vous plaît ("if it pleases you") (formal) please, if you please Pourriez-vous me donner le pain, s'il vous plaît?
In this case, the "not" is only negating "guilty". The second sentence, "He is obviously not guilty", is saying that it is obvious that he is not guilty.
One thing, I don't think I ever heard an article with lagniappe, so don't say a lagniappe or the lagniappe, just lagniappe.
She had red lipstick on. The lipstick on her lips was red. She was wearing red lipstick.

shoe, radio, hole, ball, anymore, network, transfer, wire, stroke, transformation
To be stuck in a snare of barbed wire would be most unpleasant, as not only are you trapped in a noose, but one that is jabbing painfully into you.
The same applies to "netball ball", "basketball ball" and "volleyball ball" of course.
In this case I don't believe that "subpar" actually derives from golf at all - "subpar" and the golf "par" both derive from the general definition of the word.
Merriam-Webster examples: a forked road, a forked tail, a forked tongue, a forked tree, etc.
'Legacy' is the adjectival form of 'legacy'. If you're hip enough, you can even use 'legacy' as the adverbial form of 'legacy'.
I don't need that medication anymore. Discontinue, drop, cease, quit, among other terms, can be fitted into sentences for the desired effect: I want to discontinue that medication.
For example, we speak of the Hough transform or the Fourier transform. We also talk about affine transformations or homothetic transformations.
11g network because “wireless” is implied by the IEEE 802. 11g network”. 11g network”.
Lace-up Shoes Shoes that you tie up with laces. Open-Throat Shoes The leather that holds the laces opens up at the bottom of the laces at the part closest to your toes.
So if we label the ends of the cylinder A and B, the possible placements are: Hole in A and hole in B Hole in A and hole near B Hole near A and hole in B Hole near A and hole near B The sentence is saying that all of these are valid configurations.

joking, kidding, groom, cub, suitor, bridegroom, archipelago, inroad, miraculously, daemon
You're not joking? (or You're not kidding! (or You're kidding me?! -No kidding?!
Does "you've got to be kidding" mean anything different from "you must be joking"?
It is a shortening of bridegroom. Bridegroom itself is earlier, from the Old English brydguma (suitor), from bryd (bride) + guma (man).
B: You must be kidding! B: You must be kidding! B: You must be kidding. You use "You must be kidding" in any situation where you might say "I'm surprised that you just said that.
Saying He was joking but I didn't know that he did joking. The full sentence would be: He was joking but I didn't know that he was joking.
When should we use archipelagos or archipelagoes which means the plural of an extensive group of islands?
Cub. , Cub1, Cub2, etc. , cub reporter. Cub has been the adjective for new reporters on newspapers for years--as a noun or an adjective, e.g.
" When people are kidding on the square, they are joking, but also really mean what they're saying.
He isn't my groom as that implies we are getting married. I'm the best man in a wedding, in a wedding with a groom.
the daemon what's name is desired"? (Daemon is a type of process on a system. This came up in describing an input to a function: A handle to the daemon who's name is desired.

goodness, tolkien, elf, wordnet, princeton, graphical, gracious, tile, hoof, fleece
When to use Elven, Elvish and Elfic? But "elvish" means that something is of an elf, that is, it comes from an elf, or is an elf, i.e.
The choice is yours: If you want elves like Tolkien’s, use Elves and Elven and Elvish.
He is elfish. Something is elfish if it has characteristics of an elf. If something is elfin it is "of, or relating to or made by an elf" These shoes are elfin.
And elfish: elfish - c. The same site does have an entries for elven: elven - O.E.
This is because part of the etymology of gracious is filled with God's grace Shortening phrases is something typical of English, and has left us with three other minces: Goodness gracious Goodness me Gracious me
, †for goodness! sense 2a above), as goodness gracious! , surely to goodness! , for goodness' sake!
It was also spelled elfin and elven. ) There are four possible adjective forms: elfish, elfin, elfen, and elven.
There is no big difference in meaning between elfish, elvish, elfin, elven. if you're describing the face of someone who is not literally an elf, "elfin face" is better than "elfish face," and much better than "elvish face" or "elven face.
If you write fleece to mean "a jacket or other garment made from a soft warm fabric with a texture similar to sheep's wool," then the plural is fleeces; if you are asking the plural of fleece jacket, that is fleece jackets.
He pluralised "elf" as "elves", where "elfs" had been common, and pluralised "hoof" as "hoofs", where "hooves" is common.

human, animal, fish, bird, eat, plant, egg, specie, meat, sick
Fish fish fish eat eat eat. Fish fish fish eat eat. The fish which (fish who are eaten by other fish) eat.
Lacto ovo vegetarian: A lacto ovo vegetarian diet excludes meat, fish, and poultry but includes dairy products and eggs
Pollo - Vegetarian Pesco - Vegetarian Lacto - Ovo - Vegetarian Lacto- Vegetarian Ovo - Vegetarian Source: http://www.
if they eat eggs but not chicken, it's ovo vegetarian if they eat dairy products and eggs, it's lacto-ovo vegetarian (or ovo-lacto vegetarian) If they eat fish but no other meat, it's pescetarian (sometimes called pesco-vegetarian, but some vegetarians object to this term) And so forth.
"I eat fish only when I'm sick" means "I eat fish only when I'm sick; when I am not sick, I do not eat fish.
Then, you have lacto-vegetarians (consuming dairy products, no eggs), ovo-vegetarians (eggs, no dairy) and lacto-ovo-vegetarians (eggs+diary products).
" OR "Ducks ducks eat duck. " OR "Ducks ducks duck duck. Then: "Ducks that ducks duck duck.
Seafood comprises all bony fishes and the more primitive sharks, skates, rays, sawfish, sturgeons, and lampreys; crustaceans such as lobsters, crabs, shrimps, prawns, and crayfish ; mollusks, including clams, oysters, cockles, mussels, periwinkles, whelks, snails, abalones, scallops, and limpets; the cephalopod mollusks—squids, octopuses, and cuttlefish; edible jellyfish; sea turtles; frogs; and two echinoderms—sea urchins and sea cucumbers.
For example a vegan is 'a person who does not eat or use animal products', a vegetarian is 'a person who does not eat meat or fish', and a pescatarian is 'a person who does not eat meat but does eat fish'.
The meat of a duck is also called duck. Refers to the kind of meat that was eaten.

latest, ensure, insurance, protect, bitter, delight, perfection, assurance, swallow, assure
Here are some possibilities: Arnold was bodybuilding's golden boy Arnold was bodybuilding's darling Arnold is bodybuilding's icon Anrold is bodybuilding's living legend Arnold is bodybuilding's guru Arnold is bodybuilding's paragon
To hypnotize. mes·mer·ized, mes·mer·iz·ing, mes·mer·iz·es To spellbind; enthrall: "He could mesmerize an audience by the sheer force of his presence" (Justin Kaplan).
Depending on context, consider: dairy hand dairy helper dairy operative dairy peddler dairy deliverer dairy merchant dairy dealer dairy rancher and dairy operator
Insure: protect with an insurance policy, as in Insure the car before your trip.
"Isabel was enchanted with the idea" synonyms: captivate, charm, delight, enrapture, entrance, enthrall, beguile, bewitch, spellbind, fascinate, hypnotize, mesmerize, rivet, grip, transfix
dairy farmer: the owner or manager of a dairy There are even dairy farmers associations in different countries: Dairy Farmers of Canada Dairy Farmers of America Royal Association of British Dairy Farmers Here is a list of dairy occupations (from the book "Modern Livestock  Poultry Production" By James Gillespie, Frank Flanders): Dairy Occupations Cheesemaker - cheese cooker Dairy barnman Dairy cattle herder Dairy choreman Dairy cow washer Dairy farm worker Dairy farmer  - laborer, dairy farm Dairy helper Dairy herdsman Dairy herd supervisor (DHIA) Dairy management specialist Dairy nutrition specialist Dairy sanitarian Dairy scientist Dairy technologist Dairy tester Field contact technician, dairy Manager, dairy farm Milk plant supervisor Milk sampler Milker, machine - milking machine operator - sampler Supervisor, dairy processing - butter production supervisor - cheese production
grotesque /ɡrə(ʊ)ˈtɛsk/ adjective: grotesque comically or repulsively ugly or distorted.
In Arnold Schwarzenegger's 1978 Arnold: The Education of a Bodybuilder, there's a description of bodybuilder Chet Yorton's stage style that uses the verb rip to describe the act of bodybuilder posing.
From NOAD: travesty |ˈtravistē| noun ( pl. • a ludicrous or grotesque version of someone or something : he looked like a caricature of his normal self.
Similarly, that user wrote ugg instead of ugh. The NOAD reports that the origin of Ugg boot is 1960s, from the name of cartoon characters (Ugh).

device, phone, literary, equipment, mobile, electronic, mechanical, telephone, zone, genius
How about gadget, widget, or gizmo? OD: gadget: A small mechanical or electronic device or tool, especially an ingenious or novel one widget: A small gadget or mechanical device.
In cyber space you can do all kinds of cyber activity, including cyber crime, cyber bullying, cyber security, cyber auctions, cyber attacks, work at your cyber job, obey cyber law, bend to the whim of cyber police, enjoy a journey in cyberquest (jk), find a new job through cyber recruitment, avoid cyber terrorism, attend a cyber university, accumulate cyber wealth, all while making cyber friends.
I've heard whatchamacallit, whatsit, thingummy, thingamabob, and thingamajig. I would say that a doodad is a tchotchke, and not a whatchamacallit.
They each have their phones in their hand. They have their phone in their hands.
Neither everyones’ nor everyones is a word. If everyones were a word, everyones’ would be the possessive form of everyones, but since everyones is incorrect, everyones’ is also incorrect.
Landline is a device receiving signal through a fixed phone line (which is not always a circuit; sometimes the device is a pretty large phone with a SIM making it quite mobile, sometimes handheld, still it's considered a landline phone).
) designing new electronic devices (... ) new electronic devices design ) the design of new electronic devices (...
Both - Genii  Geniuses should be acceptable. Geniuses is longer, Genii is frugal, follows logicaly, is easy to understand.
Europe/Oslo is called a Timezone. ; The current timezone is CET The current timezone identifier is Europe/Oslo
So mobile devices are a subset of portable devices while handheld and wearable devices are subsets of mobile devices.

consecutive, bully, successive, provoking, provocateur, typesetting, fondness, bullying, goon, latex
"Acme construction specializes in quality remodeling and renovation. " "Acme construction prides itself on quality remodeling and renovation.
Segar (Popeye's daddy). But it seems like at least one of the senses of the word, as in "hired company goons", could very well be derived from the Hindi word gunda (pronounced goon-daa) meaning hoodlum or bully.
For instance: 1, 2 and 3 are consecutive numbers 1, 2 and 4 are successive numbers but they are not consecutive.
However to me it means the leader of the bullies (rather like gang leader), not the bullying leader you seem to want.
First note that successive appears as a synonym of consecutive in dictionaries.
com/Incomplex http://thesaurus. I want to create a poster titled "An Incomplex Introduction to Complexity-based Cryptography.
com/browse/poignant affecting or moving the emotions: - a poignant scene. The nominee’s speech was filled with poignancy Although you'd probably say: The nominee’s speech was poignant Poignant poin-yuh nt, poi-nuh nt (adj) 1.
Bully -- ODO (US, informal) adj. My buckwheat looks first-rate, and the oats and potatoes are bully
" The definition for fondness is then "affection or liking for someone or something.
I am aware that the plural of metropolis is metropolises, but to me it sounds stilted and to be honest I cannot recall ever hearing it used.

prepared, rough, needle, patch, expletive, install, breakdown, expenditure, resignation, packet
I've heard rough patch, too, but more commonly bad patch or rough time. A bad patch.
What makes a "psychopath" and what makes a "sociopath"? With no regards to medical practice, what's the difference between "psychopathy" and "sociopathy"?
An advanced packet? If I get a packet with sequence number 50, since I have received it already, I say this packet is an obsolete packet or lagging packet.
Here are some contenders that I encountered on google: "Resignation as Delegate" "Resignation from Delegacy" "Resignation of Delegacy" Is one of these (or a different version) more correct than another?
There is nonetheless a lot of result for it, and searching for "install a patch" is more succesful as searching for "apply a patch".
Finally, "rough on" is unambiguously metaphorical, while "rough with" is not. For example, "I was rough on him" definitely implies something like "I yelled/was angry at him" while "I was rough with him" could imply "I was physically rough with him".
" "I prepared a report with a breakdown of my/our monthly expenditure. " "I prepared a report detailing my/our monthly expenditure.
Instead of using apply a patch, or install a patch, I would use patch as a verb.
’ ‘Is this normal, or am I being gaslighted? com) 20 Signs That You Are Being Gaslighted and there are other numerous usage examples of gaslighted compared to gaslit But both forms are correct: Gaslight: verb (used with object), gaslighted or gaslit, gaslighting.
From this patch onward... Starting on this patch... Which of the following options are preferable: As of this patch, the system is able to do X.

president, wall, initial, headline, bush, roof, johnson, nickname, surprising, concert
blahblah NB: blahblah nb: blahblah NB blahblah nb blahblah (etc. blahblah nb. blahblah NB.
Should it be: Ako's International Students Choir Or Ako International Students' Choir I want the emphasis to be Ako International Students Choir, more than Ako International Students Choir or even Ako International Students Choir.
or The datasets HapMap 6 and CEU HapMap 610 are stored in two separate schemas.
If the wall's thickness and the roof's thickness are considered together but separately, thicknesses would be the correct choice.
" If the idea we have in mind is "the thickness of the wall or walls, and the thickness of the roof," then the prospect of being obliged to use plural "thicknesses" in the shortened form "wall and roof thicknesses" might impel us to repeat "thickness" (as in "wall thickness and roof thickness") to ensure that we are properly understood to be talking about each thickness as a unitary idea, and not as a series of variable measurements.
I have this sentence: Each of the datasets HapMap 6 and CEU HapMap 610 is stored in two schemas.
is stored in a schema", or "Each of the datasets ... is stored in its own schema.
3 The president is traveling to Belo Horizonte tomorrow. 4 The president will travel to Belo Horizonte tomorrow.
For example: the dataset of A and B (A and B are the names of the dataset). My understanding is like this: 'the dataset of A and B' equals 'the dataset of A and the dataset of B' So I should use singular for the 'dataset'
Unexpected. not expected; unforeseen; surprising: an unexpected pleasure; an unexpected development.

price, psychological, retail, lobster, pricing, growler, jug, shrimp, kirk, rein
or: MSRP (manufacturer's suggested retail price). The suggested retail price of a product (list price) has the following abbreviations: RRP (recommended retail price), In the United Kingdom the list price is referred to as a recommended retail price or RRP.
$95 = Discount price $105 = Total price So, I would say that : $100 = initial price $110 = Gross price $100 = Net price.
Thus: One prawn, Two prawns ... adjective thing -- PRAWN in "pasta topped with prawns" is a noun; PRAWN in "prawn cocktail" is an adjective.
Psychological pricing is one cause of price points. It uses the terms psychological pricing and price ending.
Wikipedia has a pricing strategies entry that labels such pricing as psychological pricing.
Other terms include the cost price which is usually the price the retailer paid for it, the gross price which is usually the price before discount and the nett price which can be used as the price after discounting but before tax.
The net price is the price after deductions. com/Q/What_does_gross_price_and_net_price_mean The gross price is the price before deductions.
If they are still not selling after a week at those prices then you reduce the price again to under 50%, which was the first price cut.
The word scampi is, to conclude, the name of a certain species (animal)— not the name of a shrimp (Tiger prawns, King prawns or Giant prawns, cultured prawns).
2) Prawn is a noun and the plural is prawns right? 1) Is a pasta topped with actual calamari and prawns not a "calamari and prawns pasta" ?

tree, wind, storm, damaged, cocaine, blueberry, outage, consumes, asparagus, resizing
Only the trees were somewhat damaged by last year's storm. The trees were somewhat damaged by last year's only storm.
tree becomes tree's). And The roots of this tree becomes This tree's roots. Hence, The roots of these trees becomes These trees' roots.
If you want to say what the wind does to the flag, rather than what the flag does in the wind, use flutters (light wind), whips (strong fast wind), ruffles (gentle irregular wind), and search synonyms for those -- just make sure they are verbs that can take a direct object (the wind does X to Y, not just the wind does X)
A gentle wind, a strong wind, and a warm wind are common. You could use a wind by itself, such as, "Boy, there's a wind blowing through here tonight!
"in the tree" is a shortened relative clause: the bird (that is ) sitting in the tree.
" I have been using cocaine. I will have been using cocaine. I was using cocaine.
A hoodie is a "hooded sweatshirt" or "hooded fleece", (in contradistinction to the original kind of each, which had no hood) and the abbreviation is natural.
Why is "I see a few trees" grammatically correct but "I see a many trees" not? "I see a few trees" has two determiners.
What is the unit for a blueberry? how do you count each blueberries? Blueberries are so expensive in Korea.
" and "There is no storm. “there isn’t rule” If I'm not mistaken, both "There isn't a storm.

height, profile, concentrated, congratulation, elevation, altitude, nz, doughnut, cactus, kiwi
Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: A jelly doughnut? Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: And why not, Private Pyle?
Both altitude and elevation can be used to mean the height of an object from the sea level, but elevation is especially used to mean that.
Examples: Hacienda Heights Sterling Heights Washington Heights Golan Heights There are lots of cities and other designations with the word "Heights" in the name.
1 height). "This is his and her height" would only be correct if they had the same height (i.e.
A maple? That said, "a maple" is unambiguously a maple tree. If you eat a "maple tart" or "maple cookie" it will taste (at least in theory) like the concentrated sap, not the tree itself.
Our school had won the match if only we have concentrated. Our school had won the match if only we would have concentrated.
B: The height of the chairis 1m" B: The height of the chairis 1m. "The height of the chair is 1m" - Can I say that "the height" is an attribute of the chair?
How about quintessence and Pentium? quintessence ( Latin quint-us/a, fifth + essentia, (classical) element) Pentium ( Greek pente, five + -ium, suffix for chemical elements, after the style of early-named elements like helium)
• ( congratulations) words expressing congratulation : our congratulations to the winners | [as exclam.
com/shop/pocket-profiles-guides-books/pocket-profile-foothills-trail-elevation-profile-map/ http://www.

letter, message, sign, email, received, write, reply, sent, send, mail
Send via email or Send by email Also, same in case of... Communication [over, by, through, via, with] email Which one is more formal - via or by?
For example: U+0660 ‭ ٠ GC=Nd 0=NV SC=Common ARABIC-INDIC DIGIT ZERO U+0661 ‭ ١ GC=Nd 1=NV SC=Common ARABIC-INDIC DIGIT ONE U+0662 ‭ ٢ GC=Nd 2=NV SC=Common ARABIC-INDIC DIGIT TWO U+0663 ‭ ٣ GC=Nd 3=NV SC=Common ARABIC-INDIC DIGIT THREE U+07C0 ‭ ߀ GC=Nd 0=NV SC=Nko NKO DIGIT ZERO U+07C1 ‭ ߁ GC=Nd 1=NV SC=Nko NKO DIGIT ONE U+07C2 ‭ ߂ GC=Nd 2=NV SC=Nko NKO DIGIT TWO U+07C3 ‭ ߃ GC=Nd 3=NV SC=Nko NKO DIGIT THREE U+0966 ‭ ० GC=Nd 0=NV SC=Devanagari DEVANAGARI DIGIT ZERO U+0967 ‭ १ GC=Nd 1=NV SC=Devanagari DEVANAGARI DIGIT ONE U+0968 ‭ २ GC=Nd 2=NV SC=Devanagari DEVANAGARI DIGIT TWO U+0969 ‭ ३ GC=Nd 3=NV SC=Devanagari DEVANAGARI DIGIT THREE U+096F ‭ ९ GC=Nd 9=NV SC=Devanagari DEVANAGARI DIGIT NINE U+09E6 ‭ ০ GC=Nd 0=NV SC=Bengali BENGALI DIGIT ZERO U+09E7 ‭ ১ GC=Nd 1=NV SC=Bengali BENGALI DIGIT ONE U+09E8 ‭ ২ GC=Nd 2=NV SC=Bengali BENGALI DIGIT TWO U+09E9 ‭ ৩ GC=Nd 3=NV SC=Bengali BENGALI DIGIT THREE and many more besides.
) "Thank you for your message {sent/which I received} on Friday. It is best to reserve the term "letter" for actual paper letters sent by "snail mail" (post).
It's "a piece of mail" or "a letter" or "a package". You might have gotten confused because people often refer to "an e-mail" or "[x] e-mails" when they mean "an e-mail message" or "[x] e-mail messages" respectively.
Please [write|send] me a letter. Please [write|send] me an email. Email me! Write me!
Amit: I will send you an email. Should i say Amit told me that he would send me an email or Amit told me that he will send me an email.
yes, I retrieve the letters left for me by the mailman, and if you sent me two messages via email, I would read both those emails.
Snail-mail is postal mail. Mail means email. We just just say send me mail, always.
If you want to be that formal , write him a letter and send it via the post office.
or: So far we've supposed that it is on you to check whether to send dunning letters by e-mail or by mail.

new, city, state, york, area, united, london, track, television, actor
Here is a list of some onomatopoeic words (from here): Buzz, Beep, Whirr, Click, Clack, Clunk, Clatter, Clink, Achoo, Ahem, Fizz, Bah, Bump, Bam, Bang, Bash, Puff, Bawl, Boing, Bong, Bonk, Boo, Varoom, vroom, Bubble, Whoosh, Slurp, Wham, Biff, Pow, Snore, Swish, Swoosh, Blare, Blurt, Boing, Boink, Boom, Slurch, Clank, Clatter, Click, Ring, Ting, Honk, Jingle, Toot, Hum, Thud, Tick-tock, Cluck, Poof, Crackle, Ding, Hiccup, Crunch, Eek, Flick, Ping, Plop, Zap, Zing, Zip, Zoom Buzz, beep, honk, plop (and so on) are perfectly normal, commonly-used English words.
- metro San Francisco - BART, Bay Area Rapid Transit etc. London - “The Tube”, from the tube-shaped deep level bored tunnels Paris - metro, full name “Métropolitain” New York City - subway, because the main lines have significant underground sections Chicago - “The L” - from el, because it is mostly elevated Boston - “The T” - from MBTA, the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority Washington, D.C.
"Voter fraud": One or more voters cheated. "Electoral fraud": Election fraud in general.
"Carson City" or "New York City"), it's not capitalized after the city's name. Even used before (as in "City of"), the capitalization only happens if the title of the city in question actually has that name ("City of London", "City of New York").
The New York City Subway is the rail network that serves the City of New York (the subway does not travel outside the city's borders).
Do not capitalize city when referring New York City in generic terms; for example, We visited New York City.
The state of Washington prefers "Washington State", and New York uses "New York State".
From M-W: subway: a system of underground trains in a city metro: an underground railway system in some cities
org/wiki/New_York_City opens with New York – often called New York City or the City of New York to distinguish it from the State of New York, of which it is a part ...
In the United States, many railroads were constructed. In the nineteenth-century United States, many railroads were constructed.

sentence, verb, would, use, one, example, noun, like, phrase, correct
This is true when the wh-word is the subject or the object, although you'll notice we use do-support when the wh-word is the object (when the main verb is not is): Who told you that?
Much can in general be an adverb (much better), a determinative / determiner (much trouble), or a pronoun (didn’t each much) especially when used with negated verbs as a sort of negative polarity item (NPI).
In this case, they are both correct, because in some cases, like this case, they are interchangeable, but there are also instances when one of them can be used, but not the other: "I" is a first person singular subject pronoun.
This is an example of the syntactic rule To Be-Deletion, which applies to Infinitive Complements; and the main verb think can take an infinitive complement clause, so it's grammatical.
Another possible alternative, from a grammatical perspective, is that you can replace if by whether in your original sentence, because noun clauses led by whether can be used almost the same as is an ordinary noun: it can serve as the subject, the noun predicate, or the object of both verbs and prepositions.
A true appositive would modify "word", as in the following example: Sometimes, though, a simple subject can be more than one word, even a very long one.
I'm not familiar with this particular rule, but it sounds like pedantry to me, especially since the way you frame the question makes it seem like many people are saying "choice" rather than "option" to you, and so you must already be aware that "choice" meaning "option" is a common usage.
But this gets tricky, too, as phrasal verb/direct object combinations can look like verb/prepositional phrase combinations until you really pick apart what is going on.
(ungrammatical) However, most verbs that can take phrases headed by nouns as Complements, if we want them to, can also take gerund-participle clauses (-ing clauses) as a Complement: We wanted to avoid [doing that].
This includes verbal nouns and gerunds, both of which are nominalised forms of verbal phrases, so it's not like for can't be used with anything that has something essentially verbal in it—but if the head of the complement is morphologically nominal rather than verbal, you must use for.

thread, shopping, enclosed, firmly, diminutive, mall, liver, creole, zeugma, sewing
ravelen "to tangle, fray, unweave," from rafel "frayed thread. " The seemingly contradictory senses of this word (ravel and unravel are both synonyms and antonyms) are reconciled by its roots in weaving and sewing: as threads become unwoven, they get tangled.
Here is my input: Weaving -plex has an etymological meaning of "weaving", hence: weaving weaver weave unweaving unweaver unweave This terminology gives you the benefit of using other names for variables, such as weft, woof and perhaps yarn and warp too.
Fris. Gmc. fest, O.N. fest) fæst "firmly fixed, steadfast, secure, enclosed," probably from P.
Is Incan wrong here? Why is Inca usually used instead of Incan? : The Inca Empire vs The Incan Empire My natural instinct would be to say Incan.
The woof is one thread woven (horizontally) between the warp[s]. (The woof is usually applied as a series of threads, but it acts like one long thread; likewise the warp, which may be different colors, but the ends are tied)
____ threads. What I have in mind: first and repeat threads first and subsequent threads rookie and nonrookie threads
An Inca. Quechua. Inca Empire: The Inca Empire (Quechua: Tawantinsuyu, lit. Ngram: Inca vs Incan.
According to her classification example kitchenette is a diminutive It is equal to a small kitchen but satinette,muslinette ,letherette are false diminutives Do you know any other false diminutives?
If you're asking whether or not "calves liver" is okay, then in my opinion it is because it can mean "the liver of calves," and no, it does not have to mean "a single liver portion made up of multiple livers," but rather it's liver from calves as opposed to liver from adult cows.
Synonyms: warp and weft warp and woof/weft Wiktionary: Noun warp and woof ‎(countable and uncountable, plural warps and woofs) The threads in a woven fabric, composed of the warp (threads running lengthwise) and woof (threads running crosswise) to create the texture of the fabric.

full, abbreviation, dark, acronym, cast, apostrophe, shade, shadow, darkness, solar
It depends on whether the abbreviation is an acronym or an initialism. As "fubar" and "scuba" are usually pronounced as a word (making them acronyms), it would make sense to say "a fubar" and "a scuba diver".
Iterate over what? To 'iterate' is to repeat something, say, an action, so we can iterate a procedure, or we can iterate over x, or iterate through x.
For an object to cast a shadow it has to be **opaque **. An opaque object cast a shadow, but a transparent object like glass can't cast a shadow.
is an abbreviation for abbreviation, then abbreviation is a(n) _______ for abbr.
A shadow also is an area of darkness made like this • The side of the valley was in shadow.
Difference between an acronym and abbreviation? Could ET be both an acronym and an abbreviation?
Shade is shadowiness. A tree casts a shadow which causes shade. When used as a noun, shade is relative darkness, shadow is what causes the darkness.
Also, being pedantic, FAQ is not an acronym: It is an initialism. Only one FAQ?".
But Google NGrams disagrees: So, given: full-size full-sized full size full sized which would you employ and why?
A shadow is the silhouette cast by an object that blocks a source of light. Shade is the "darkness" created by a shadow and only really applies to shadows created outside by the sun.

bit, employed, improper, contractor, propriety, affinity, fleeting, kludge, proprietor, wolfe
com/be+chomping+at+the+bit be champing/chomping at the bit also be chafing at the bit to be very keen to start an activity or to go somewhere.
Improper, indecent, unbecoming, unseemly are applied to that which is unfitting or not in accordance with propriety.
I am a freelancer. Self-Employed (or Freelancer): working for yourself. I am an independent contractor.
com/usage/champing-chomping-at-the-bit/ for more info about champing vs chomping - either way, definitely has a sense of eagerness to it!
NGram usage shows that "champing at the bit" is the most common form of the phrase followed by "chomping at the bit": champing at the bit chomping at the bit champing on the bit chomping on the bit champing upon the bit Options 3-5 are significantly less common.
The Latin name for Scotland is Caledonia, so I would assume, in keeping with the other Latin names (Anglo-phile, Hiberno-phile and Cambro-phile), a person with an affinity for all things Scottish would be a Caledonophile.
'A bit' /meaning 'a little'/ as an adverb can be used with adjectives and adverbs: a bit late, a bit early, a bit difficult, etc.
Nancy Gribble and Nero Wolfe (at least the TV version played by Maury Chaykin) both use British pronunciations like "tomahto" and "shedule" rather than "tomayto" and "skedule", and yet both seem to be Americans (although Nero Wolfe originated from Montenegro).
com/definition/english/unbecoming) Evidently all three are grammatical: unbecoming: Not in accord with the standards implied by one's character or position: conduct unbecoming an officer (AHD) unbecoming: behaviour that is unbecoming is shocking or unsuitable conduct unbecoming to a teacher (Longman Dictionary) They maintain that Irving's conduct was unbecoming of a reputable historian.
{Mid-1600s} An Ngram chart comparing the frequency of "champing at the bit" (blue line), "chomping at the bit" (red line), and "chafing at the bit (green line) in published writing over the period 1850–2005 shows considerable change in their frequency of use over the past century: The primarily American form "chomping at the bit" was the last of the three wordings to appear, but it seems to have caught up in popularity with "champing at the bit" since the mid-1990s.

free, arabic, cargo, velocity, arab, messy, peninsula, shipment, displacement, unwillingness
But I am not from the Arabian Peninsula, therefore I am not an Arabian person. "Arab" does not necessarily involve a relation to Arabia (the Arabian Peninsula).
'Loathe' is a verb used to indicate repugnance: I loathe Brussels sprouts. 'Loath' is an adjective suggesting unwillingness or reluctance: I am loath to eat my Brussels sprouts.
In the context such as "free press", it means libre from censorship, "gluten-free" means libre from gluten and so on.
One of the definitions of unkempt is: uncared-for or neglected; disheveled; messy: unkempt clothes; an unkempt lawn.
I wouldn't use "Arabian" except perhaps referring to the the country "Saudi Arabia" - but I would more likely say "Saudi".
As adjectives, the New Oxford American Dictionary defines Arabic a related to the language or the literature, while Arab is the more generic term (“of or relating to Arabia and the people of Arabia”) and Arabian is a historical variant of Arab.
Also, the demonym for Saudi Arabia is either Saudi or Saudi Arabian, not Arabian.
As the English adjective free does not distinguish between "for zero price" and "liberty", the phrases "free as in free beer" (gratis, freeware) and "free as in free speech" (libre, free software) were adopted.
"Arab" refers to a group of people originating from the Arabian peninsula. "Arabic" is the language.
You are free to do what you want. I'm free at last! I would like to be free of this burden.

square, annoyed, ginger, orbit, annoy, nasa, satellite, photographer, optimistic, blonde
If it is "on orbit" it is both "in orbit" and in it's intended orbit. A spacecraft can be "in orbit", but not in the correct orbit.
Three kilometres squared is three kilometres on one side and three kilometres on the other side which is 9 square kilometres.
'3 kilometres squared' means, for me, a square of side 3km, but to others it means 3 square kilometres.
Is 240 kph singular or plural (kilometre or kilometres)? -240 kph equal 149 mph.
The term comes from a character in Voltaire's Candide, which "begins with a young man, Candide, who is living a sheltered life in an Edenic paradise and being indoctrinated with Leibnizian optimism (or simply Optimism) by his mentor, Pangloss."
Photographers' club of Detroit. Or Photographer's club of Detroit. So it should read: Photographer club of Detroit.
Alternatives saucy adjective ˈsȯ-sē, ˈsa- 2 a : impertinently bold and impudent b : amusingly forward and flippant Usage: "Not today my good man, I'm feeling saucy.
The thing that an orbiting body orbits is called that orbiting body’s primary. Quoth Wikipedia: A natural satellite, or moon, is a celestial body that orbits another body, e.g.
Merriam-Webster says: saucy adj 1: served with or having the consistency of sauce 2a : impertinently bold and impudent b : amusingly forward and flippant : irrepressible 3: smart, trim a saucy little hat> The very first definition is exactly the meaning you are looking for.
Epsilon just indicates an arbitrarily small value. That is, the distance between p2 and p1 must not be less than r - &epsilon; or greater than r + &epsilon;.

per, mile, weekend, fuel, metric, efficiency, leap, playful, imperial, km
gam·boled or gam·bolled, gam·bol·ing or gam·bol·ling, gam·bols To leap about playfully; frolic.
Once when visiting Canada, I saw a TV commercial for a car, advertising its fuel efficiency in miles per (imperial) gallon.
) Kilometer per liter (km/L) Amount of Gas Used divided by Miles Driven: Units: Liters per 100 kilometers (L/100km) Liters per mile (L/mi, used in Norway and Sweden) Thank you all again for all the comments!
"Kilometers per liter"? "Furlongs per hogshead"? gallon"? Given that "mile" and "gallon" are artifacts of the U.S.
The answer is “this weekend”, as in “I will see her this weekend. ” Depending on which weekend you mean, you could also say “next weekend”, which is the weekend following “this weekend”.
their PACE is 1 minute per km. Pace is the inverse of speed Someone who travels at 60 km in 60 minutes has a SPEED of 60km per hour However, if we reverse this, they have a PACE of 60 minutes per 60 km or rather ..
Fuel economy is expressed in miles per gallon (mpg) in the USA and usually also in the UK—there is sometimes confusion as the imperial gallon is 20% larger then the US gallon so that mpg values are not directly comparable.
Gas is 2 USD per gallon Send it per express As per example I made it as per your instructions
Sorry to disturb you at weekend. Sorry to disturb you at the weekend. Sorry to disturb you on the weekend.
25 mile". 25 mile swim" or "0. 25 miles" rather than "0. 25 miles" but less than 100,000 "0.

good, bad, dog, music, taste, bone, nose, smell, musical, poor
Those flowers smell good. I feel good about that. My fingers feel badly when I have gloves on.
Here is my current understanding of these English phrases: very bad (=not good at all, =not very good); bad (=not good at all, =not very good, =not very bad); not good, not bad (=not good at all, =not very good, =not bad at all, =not very bad); good (=not very good, =not bad at all, =not very bad); very good (=not bad at all, =not very bad).
This deodorant prevents bad odor from occurring. a quality of something that stimulates the olfactory organ : scent b.
"Perfume" is a verb that works for many good smells, and not just scents that you'd wear as perfume.
"80s music" has about 509 results and the first page has 21 x 80's music but only 1 x '80's music.
As mentioned in the comments, you smell smells or odors/odours. Odorant has the synonyms aroma-compound and odor/odour compound, but it doesn't seem "smell aroma/odour compounds" is attested.
badly. “I feel bad for you” versus “I feel badly for you” I'm terrible at the usage of bad vs.
Note the following examples: The dog smells bad/The dog smells badly. " In the second example, "The dog smells badly," the meaning of the sentence is that the dog has a poor sense of smell, that the dog is no bloodhound!
Same goes for to sound good/bad. to look good/bad 1 to be considered a good/bad thing to do; Do you think it will look bad if I don’t go and see him?
I am a good conversationalist. I am good at repartee. I am good at galvanizing people.

snow, appetite, crust, cur, pellet, fluff, blizzard, hobson, cl, illusory
Snow pellets have characteristics of hail, sleet and snow. Snow pellets have a whiter appearance than sleet.
This is about the same as English with its snow, slush, sleet, blizzard (not to mention skiers' terms like hardpack, powder and crust).
com/definition/VORACIOUS%20): VORACIOUS is often used figuratively: She has a voracious appetite for knowledge.
A snow shower in which only light snow falls for a few minutes is typically called a snow flurry.
Another couple to throw into the fire are: Voracious, or covetous, as in: A voracious, or covetous appetite Or thinking in terms of slang that hasn't been mentioned, you could use dog-hungry.
or a slush that is icy? Is it an icy slush? Or just a slush, indicating that a slush is composed of ice and water?
From the Encyclopaedia Perthensis, Edinburgh, 1816: SLEET. UPDATE: While it seems that nowadays, some people use sleet for a mixture of snow and rain, this is the original meaning of sleet.
" or Where is, "You know nothing, Jon Snow."? or Where is, "You know nothing, Jon Snow,"?
For something less sensational any of the the following: Istanbul hit by snow Istanbul under a layer of snow For something more literary A mantle of snow covers the city of Istanbul Istanbul in a mantle of snow
and You had a crust, doing that. It is conceivable that 'an outer covering or shell diffcult to penetrate' is the sense of crust here: As in: to break through the crust

water, fire, air, cold, fear, run, surface, sea, body, rock
If you Google for "ceiling phobia," a condition called altocelarophobia seems to be a thing: alto- (high) celaro- (ceiling) phobia (irrational fear) an irrational fear of high ceilings So, by analogy: obcursu- (falling) celaro- (ceiling) phobia Behold obcursucelarophobia: an irrational fear of falling ceilings.
Do you windsurf and kitesurf on the sea or in the sea? Do you windsurf and kitesurf on the lake or in the lake?
content=toniteyear_start=1800year_end=2008corpus=15smoothing=3share= Have you looked at the Google NGram graph for this?
“Sedimentary rock” refers to sedimentary rock structures or sedimentary rocks in general; “sedimentary rocks” refers to pieces of sedimentary rock.
Phobophobia can also be defined as the fear of phobias or fear of developing a phobia.
Thus the word "sea" in common English usage means "the surface of the sea", and "under the sea" means "under the surface of the sea".
Quaternary means 4-ary. N-ary: Nullary means 0-ary. Senary means 6-ary. Nonary means 9-ary.
But Anna did not prevent the rise of the Borg. Anna did not prevent the rise of the Borg.
The suffix -phobia means Extreme or irrational fear or dislike of a specified thing or group: arachnophobia, Russophobia While the original root of phobia is from the Greek phobos or fear, as a suffix, it more often means hostility rather than fright, as in homophobia
Homophobia is defined as: dislike of or prejudice against homosexual people . (ODO ) irrational fear of, aversion to, or discrimination against homosexuality (M-W) ) fear, hatred, or mistrust of lesbians and gay men.

hamburger, docile, bing, ecosystem, crossroad, lennon, newscaster, rafter, cinematography, stocked
3) Is this a crossroad or a crossroads or are these crossroads? 2) Is this a crossroad or a crossroads or are this crossroads?
Examples squeeze shelves under the rafters Cabinet under the rafters Kids’ Rooms: Under the Rafters Up high under the rafters, this white on white bed easily doubles as a reading nook by day.
I think valuation/valuate could be used, as in Ecosystem valuation Ecosystem valuation is a widely used tool in determining the impact of human activities on an environmental system, by assigning an economic value to an ecosystem or its ecosystem services.
That is, the term 'hamburger' usually is used for the specific plain version, not for any kind of hamburger, at least with respect to added cheese; a cheeseburger is not a hamburger.
, a metaphor that regards that ecosystem as a sentient being, one that can recognize what species it contains and can compare itself to other ecosystems.
hamburger"... sandwich->hamburger->cheeseburger->bacon cheeseburger or sandwich->hamburger->bacon hamburger.
Just because a car is not a Kia does not make it a Rolls Royce. As a real world example: 'Chery', 'Kia', 'Mazda', 'Subaru', 'BMW', 'Rolls Royce'.
The culture or society is at a turning point or a crossroads. Turning point: a point at which a significant change occurs (MW) Crossroads: A crucial point: "At midlife, couples are at a crossroads of change, just as individuals are" (TFD) At a crossroads typically implies that a decision must be made, while a turning point doesn't carry that connotation as strongly.
bada bing (also bada boom bada bing) EXCLAMATION North American informal Used to emphasize that something will happen effortlessly and predictably.
Consider this article from Businessweek regarding Apple's larger ecosystem, or the matter-of-fact use of ecosystem in this article comparing the Android Market to the "more mature iTunes ecosystem.

le, count, countable, uncountable, brand, fewer, xyz, survey, much, abc
I know that fewer is used for countable nouns and less is used for uncountable nouns, but when a specific quantity is given, should I use fewer or less.
With uncountable nouns, use much more or much less How much more fiber does a banana have than an apple?
As in, do we say "A survey on xyz systems" or "A survey of xyz systems"? " would refer to survey conducted by XYZ; but I ended up reminding myself that in such a case, it might be "A survey by..."
"A survey of xyz systems" implies that the systems themselves are surveyed, i.e.
The difference between less and fewer is whether the noun is "countable". We say less cheese (a non-countable noun) and fewer sausages (a countable noun).
) If I can't count it, it's less - (Drink less water. fewer rule is: If I can count it, it's fewer - (Drink fewer glasses of water.
(No plural) You should listen to less music (can't be counted and no plural) (Plural) I have less than 4 options.
(I've chosen fewer instead of less because days are a quantity that I can count individually, as opposed to having less time or energy for example.)
There is no distinction: less is to fewer as more is to more. more water; less water more dogs; less/fewer dogs 10 items or more; 10 items or less/fewer one more bell to answer; one less bell to answer weighing 100 pounds more; weighing 100 pounds less 500 words or more; 500 words or less more than 10,000 miles; less than 10,000 miles
Other names for the clapperboard include clapper, clapboard, slate, slate board, sync slate, time slate, sticks, board, and marker.

silence, sydney, missile, guided, donut, launched, dorothy, unequivocally, amuse, spoonerism
3) India launched its Agni PSLV 5 missile from Chandipur,about 15 km from Balasore.
India launched its Agni PSLV 5 missile from Chandipur, about 15 km from Balasore.
The phrase as quoted suggests Chandipur is the target: India launched its Agni PSLV 5 missile at Chandipur, about 15 km from Balasore.
Silence again. Silence again. Here is a situation: (Jack and Dorothy are in the car) Silence.
in·e·bri·at·ed, in·e·bri·at·ing, in·e·bri·ates To make drunk; intoxicate. com in·e·bri·ate (n-br-t) tr.v.
q=nitty+gritty+definitionie=UTF-8oe=UTF-8hl=en Let's "get down to the [real] nitty-gritty" http://www.
The game launched on Monday at Sydney. The game launched at Sydney on Monday. On the game's launch at Sydney.
Unequivocably is wrong. The correct word is unequivocally. According to Merriam-Webster, unequivocably is a non-standard word for unequivocally.
Solicitous of my reputation. He was solicitous for his advice. -Edward Hyde Clarendon.
Or There were no pus or polyps. I'd say, there was neither pus nor polyps. Someome asked me which of these sentences is correct: There are no pus or polyps.

roman, cheese, sticking, defeated, swiss, cracker, fuzzy, cod, slander, tuna
Asterix defeated seven Romans; Obelix three. Asterix defeated seven Romans; Obelix, three.
Does this recipe call for Cheddar cheese or cheddar cheese? Does pizza have mozzarella or Mozzarella on it?
Sticking it to some fuzzy-wuzzies, so to speak. Sticking it to some "fuzzy-wuzzies", as they say.
Asterix defeated seven Romans, and Obelix three. Asterix defeated seven Romans, Obelix three.
" (Book Of Cheese, 43:21) or As it is written, "Do you like cheese" (Book Of Cheese, 43:21)?
Tuna crackers are tuna flavored crackers. But cheddar crackers are not made of cheddar, nor do they originate in cheddar, but are flavored with cheddar cheese.
Should there be a comma after "cheddar cheese" like so Not only cheddar cheese, but also mozzarella cheese is really good on Triscuits or maybe also after "mozzarella cheese" like so Not only cheddar cheese, but also mozzarella cheese, is really good on Triscuits.
* slander, verb: *1 with object :to utter slander against; defame. slander, noun: *a malicious, false, and defamatory statement or report: a slander against his good name.
It is therefore Cheddar cheese. Cheddar makes cheese. Cheddar is a place in England.
That's some cheese! That's some cheese. So "That's some cheese" can mean either "That's a quantity of cheese", or "that's a type of cheese" or "that's a special cheese".

dictionary, com, http, definition, webster, www, merriam, amp, org, online
sourceid=chrome-instantion=1espv=2ie=UTF-8#q=unblacklist com/webhp? google. I found it is an acceptable usage: https://www.
com/dictionary/aerie or 2: http://www. com/dictionary/english/eyrie org/wiki/eyrie#English Though some dictionaries only list 3: http://www.
https://www. com/search? 1768j0sourceid=chromeie=UTF-8 google. q=ideopathicoq=ideopathicaqs=chrome..
1889j0j4sourceid=chromeespv=210es_sm=93ie=UTF-8 http://www. merriam-webster. com/search?
ie=UTF8qid=1456042007sr=8-2keywords=Merriam-webster+learner%27s+dictionary http://www.
sourceid=chrome-instantion=1espv=2ie=UTF-8#q=define%20out%20to%20lunch https://www.
org/wiki/Conditional_sentence http://www. html http://en. http://www. com/bally/durrus/153/gramch28.
merriam-webster. com/responsive http://www. com/us/dictionary/american/responsive http://www.
merriam-webster. Google found 12. com/dictionary/benefitting http://www. References: Merriam Webster lists both as correct spelling http://www.
com/us/definition/american_english/bonhomous http://www. com/dictionary/bonhomie

practice, religious, religion, holy, archive, muslim, gin, valued, maturity, modesty
Muslim people practice Islam. Islamic people practice Islam. The Quran is the Muslim holy book.
but not Islamics practice Islam. one can also say Muslims practice Islam. Therefore, instead of saying Muslim people practice Islam.
A gin and tonic is a drink with the gin and the tonic already mixed. It's one thing, so "gin and tonics" is correct.
An adherent of the religion of Islam is a Muslim. The word 'Muslim' itself is not gradeable, but there can be Muslims who are more or less pious than others, just as there can be with Christians and members of other religions.
So to go to Mecca, for a Muslim, is to go to the "Holy Grail"--it is the ultimate religious destination.
Islamic &ndash; adjective Relating to Islam: the Islamic world, Islamic law Muslim &ndash; noun A follower of the religion of Islam; adjective Relating to Muslims or their religion.
Mecca is where Muhammad proclaimed Islam, and one of two places (Medina is the other) where the Quran was composed.
Yes, you can say Practice these words if the understanding is that by practice you mean practice pronouncing, practice writing, etc these words.
2) Authentic; genuine: a bona fide Rembrandt. As noted by the Grammarist: The phrase bona fide comes directly from the Latin bona fides, which means, roughly, good faith.
It should be three gins and tonic. That’s because you are asking for gins WITH tonic.

term, word, use, used, example, would, one, system, also, work
For artists who publish their own personal works online, you might try "web artist", "internet artist", or "net artist" which both return quite a few examples of usage in Google results for those terms.
or Use another short term, use another reference name or use another local name.
I have written some example case As the reference data is available with a leading company and difficulty of making own reference data, the overall performance of the method is done collaboratively with that company. .
Econometrics may be what you are looking for: Econometrics is the application of mathematics, statistical methods, and, more recently, computer science, to economic data and is described as the branch of economics that aims to give empirical content to economic relations.
"We show how formal models of hardware peripherals improve the state-of-the-art security models.
Reactivity is not limited to changes in behaviour in relation to being merely observed; it can also refer to situations where individuals alter their behavior to conform to the expectations of the observer.
The program, part of a sub-field of artificial intelligence studies known as authorship attribution, has a range of potential applications — from helping law enforcement to developing computer programs for writers.
As far as I understand, the former represents involvement in any art related activity or process but the later denotes the creation of an artifact such as a painting or a sculpture.
it would cover the common elements (like diagnostic tests) that occur whether you are seeking to diagnose a disease or debug a computer program.
If you are talking about a "chemical engineering department" which doesn't have an official name, use "chemical engineering department".

dream, demon, admire, mundane, imitate, welfare, scary, mare, nightmare, emulate
" Is Ravan een demon-king, then "demon-king Ravan". Is demon-king a title, the "Demon-king Ravan."
What is the difference between the usage of dream of and dream about? I dream about becoming a doctor.
Language has logic Nightmare = negative dream Worst = most; thus best = least Worst nightmare = most negative dream; Thus Best nightmare = least negative dream The error was brought about by a change in grouping equivalences.
I knew that admire can be used in phrases like "admire somebody" or "admire somebody for something", but recently I have found the following sentence in my Collins dictionary: If you emulate something or someone, you imitate them because you admire them a great deal.
I don't know if anyone of you have these kind of dreams before; I'm dreaming then suddenly I dream that I wake up from that dream.
A word you might consider, albeit it rather literary, is quotidian: Ordinary or everyday; mundane: his story is an achingly human one, mired in quotidian details ODO Your "stationery, coffee mugs, bags" and the like are quotidian needs.
So I dream about becoming a doctor means I have actual dreams in which I become a doctor.
The nightmare. " Finally, on page 357, there is an extended entry for 'Nightmare': "Nightmare-Also known as 'ephialtes nocturnus', dream anxiety attack, REM anxiety dream, REM-nightmare, and D-nightmare... ...
when mundane : his story is an achingly human one, mired in quotidian details. quotidian of or occurring every day; daily : the car sped noisily off through the quotidian traffic.
suffocating smoke/fumes That sounds like a suffocating feeling. Cambridge: suffocating adjective ​ informal Something that is suffocating makes you feel uncomfortably hot or unable to breathe: I've got to open the window - it's suffocating in here!

tactic, strategic, parting, renamed, tactical, pomp, cerebral, ferret, litany, enamored
You can have "Renamed A to B" (most common), "Renamed A as B" (less common) and "Renamed A, B".
html "If you’re crazy about ferrets, you’re enamored of them. It is less common but still acceptable to say “enamored with”; but if you say you are enamored by ferrets, you’re saying that ferrets are crazy about you."
enamored 1. I'm really enamored with/of this part of the country. 1 Have a liking or admiration for: She was truly enamored of New York I became totally enamored of the flowers there.
" But if you say you are enamored by ferrets, you’re saying that ferrets are crazy about you.
So for example, using "dook dook" to represent the sound a ferret makes, is done because the sound a ferret makes sounds like "dook dook".
Strategic has to do with strategy, and tactical has to do with tactics. Does this change in "tactical" and "strategic"?
Litany has definitions of: a usually lengthy recitation or enumeration a familiar litany of complaints a sizable series or set a litany of problems
Abduction didn’t refer to kidnapping till the 1760s, and the verb abduct is from as late as 1834.
From the past month's headlines: Tim Tebow introduced by Jets, with pomp befitting a star, if not a starter Zimbabwe: Pomp, Fanfare As Book Cafe Reopens Pomp, pageantry and royalty at 15th Zik Prize Award ceremony
What's the difference in meanings between tactical and strategic? My teacher told me tactical is short term whereas strategy is related with long time ambitions.

english, word, language, sound, latin, used, french, like, american, pronunciation
But I wouldn't expect to find Scots speakers in the Western Isles, or much in the northern highlands.
According to Greg Brooks, Dictionary of the British English Spelling System: All the words in which /dʒ/ is spelt ⟨d⟩ were formerly pronounced with the sequence /dj/, and conservative RP-speakers may still pronounce them that way (or imagine they do).
Depending on whether you're pronouncing it the US English or British English way, it looks like this word may be pronounced any of the following ways: /hoʊtˈbɔɪ/ (ie.
As to whether Americans always stress "the" I can only say that you must have misheard that, or that the schwa sounded closer to a short [ɪ] sound and you therefore perceived it as a long /iː/ sound.
Also, even though Norman French was also a langue d’oïl (albeit with other influences), do not assume it underwent the same sound shifts as Parisian French.
The later Middle English pronunciation can be seen in such spellings as igh(e), ihe, and ie; the modern spelling, however, represents the earlier Middle English pronunciation.
"debt" was "det", from Old French dete, and the Latin is debitum "doubt" was "dout", from Old French doter, and the Latin is dubium
Because English borrowed the word from an older stage of French, before /oi/ started being pronounced [wa], and before final nasal consonants merged completely into their preceding vowels, giving nasal vowels.
The quality of the KIT vowel in position and roses (for speakers who use a KIT vowel in such plurals) is likely to be slightly different, at least in terms of length.
The "o" of "to" is unstressed, so it is reduced to schwa, which is heard and spelled as "a", because unstressed "a" is also reduced to schwa.

register, empty, registered, null, void, egypt, sack, pointer, signifying, cache
Aqualung Aspirin Astroturf Band-aid Bubble wrap Butterscotch Cellophane Chapstick Coke (only in some regions) Crock pot Cuisinart Dumpster Dry ice Escalator Frisbee Jeep Jello Jetski Hacky sack Heroin Hoover (mainly in the UK) Kerosene Laundromat Linoleum Muzak Q-tip Tarmac Taser Thermos Trampoline Velcro Walkman Yo-yo Zipper
void *next = NULL; void *prev = NULL; void *curr = NULL; When coding, I've typically used curr to match the length of the names of the next and prev variables that are usually also involved, e.g.
prev, struct nl_object, ce_list); * Return the next element in the cache return nl_list_entry(obj-ce_list.
The "cache partition technique" is a technique that divides the cache into the equal-size cache partitions.
A void can mean an emptiness or chasm ("Don't step into the void. To summarize: The legal term of "null and void" means the same as "void.
: Windows registry) Registrar -> One who administers the registry. Another example of such usage of registrar: Registrar of companies, the office responsible for maintaining the register of companies registered.
Policy "A' is void. void (adjective) = of no legal force or effect : null e.g. "a void contract" You could also say it is invalid or null.
I was asking myself what is the difference between "null" "void" and "invalid".
And an "empty lobby" would be empty of people, not of furniture. I'd go with simply empty.
The cooking wok is empty. The empty pot is boiling The boiling pot is empty. The pot is empty and is boiling.

past, time, present, tense, verb, would, perfect, event, action, future
If you were to use "are", you would also have to use "do": Present tense: I do not think you are...
So these sentences have different meanings: "Something is changed" describes the state of something; it has changed, maybe recently, maybe a long time ago.
In English, present tense form may be used to express action in the present, a current state of being, an occurrence in the future, or an action that started in the past and continues.
Is it correct to use the Second Conditional or do I have to use the First? If it didn't rain tomorrow, I would go to school.
Present Perfect Tense Used to express an action completed recently (in the present).
Has can be used because it is the present perfect tense, and had is the past perfect (also called the pluperfect) tense so it may also be used.
Any reference to a preceding event is expressed with another present perfect construction or with the past tense.
Present Perfect has strong connection with Present time. Only Past tenses can be used in this case.
With future present past future in the past in these forms simple continuous perfect perfect continuous Can we manipulate these together to create English tenses?
The future continuous tense is made by combining "will" with "be" + present participle, e.g.

pair, tool, engine, instrument, expensive, pencil, damn, scissors, cart, damned
5-litre/165bhp 4-cylinder petrol engines, for now. 5-litre/165bhp 4-cylinder petrol engines only, for now.
/ This is my pencil. This is his pencil. This pencil is his. *This pencil belongs to his.
However, back when people used pair of compasses, it could be shortened to compasses, the same way we shorten pair of scissors to scissors or pair of pliers to pliers today.
8-litre/132bhp engines. 8-litre/132bhp engines only. 8-litre/132bhp engines. 6-litre/124bhp and 1.
Or that your pair of socks need to be darned? Just as we needn't refer to the above using pair of, there's nothing wrong with referring to a pair of scissors as simply scissors.
A compass, like scissors, tweezers, glasses, pliers, tongs, bellows, and calipers, is an instrument that is made up of two near-identical pieces that are attached to each other.
However, if I say "this car is damn expensive" then I better convey the connotation of "expensive".
You're damned if you do and you're damned if you don't. This is one of those tricky you're-damned-if-you-do-and-you're-damned-if-you-don't situations.
"While everyone chafes under any ethical and moral systems, we’d shine and prevail by flagrantly ignoring and disregarding modernity in favor of successes, results and growth.
"Plaintiffs (Smith)'s Interrogatories", Plaintiff's (Smith) Interrogatories" "Plaintiff (Smith)'s Int...

number, value, point, amount, large, zero, unit, base, quantity, string
Numbers between 0 and 1 are fractions, and fractions expressed as a decimal are decimal fractions.
A number with no decimal values is called an integer. If there are an infinite amount of decimal digits, it is an irrational number.
(arithmetic) The fractional part of a decimal number: the digits to the right of the decimal point.
mixed decimal - a combination of a whole number and decimal, such as 59. 85 For some, that's as opposed to a decimal fraction, defined there by thefreedictionary as a decimal having no digits to the left of the decimal point except zero, such as 0.
1: is both a digit and a number (a single digit number). Number: A member of any of the following sets of mathematical objects: integers, rational numbers, real numbers, and complex numbers.
com defines repetend as “(mathematics) the digit or series of digits in a recurring decimal that repeats itself”.
Not a whole but more than the whole? Arithmetic: 4/3 is a "fraction" of what? When the numerator is greater than the denominator, it's an "improper" fraction.
Any number that can be expressed as a fraction is a rational number. Any number that, like 1/3, has a decimal number that repeats endlessly, is called a repeating decimal or recurring decimal.
But how about numbers that have a whole part and a non-zero mantissa, such as 1.
54) has an infinite number of significant digits, as does the speed of light (299792458 m/s) You can essentially think of "exact" numbers as having infinite amount of zeros after the decimal point.

fruit, skin, orange, vegetable, sharp, abroad, outer, lemon, overseas, peel
ldoce defines: Peel [noun]: the skin of some fruits and vegetables, especially the thick skin of fruits such as oranges, which you do not eat: orange peel Peel [verb]: to remove the skin from fruit or vegetables Peel and dice the potatoes.
In its noun form, a peel is the outer skin of a fruit or vegetable. Because the verb 'peel' is a negative connotation already, to have peel and unpeel exist is just redundant.
The meaning of those verbs is: pare: trim something by cutting away its outer edges; cut off the skin of something peel: remove the outer covering or skin from a fruit, vegetable, or shrimp skin: remove the skin from an animal, a fruit, or vegetable Carlo pared his thumbnails with his knife.
Examples: the rind of a brie melon, orange, lemon rind pork rinds (fried pig skin) orange, lemon peel banana peel potato peel (but 'potato skins' as an edible dish) apple/pear/grape skin/peel If it isn't in that list it is not commonly said.
Fewer vegetables and fruit. Less fruit and vegetables. We say "less fruit", because fruit is uncountable in this sentence, and "fewer vegetables" because vegetables is countable.
Nigel Tufnel: Eleven. Marty DiBergi: Does that mean it's louder? Nigel Tufnel: Nowhere.
) and fruits pare is, in my book, used much less frequently, but is as generic as skin So, as I see it, skin is the most generic term, while peel refers mostly to fruits and vegetables (you probably wouldn't say you're peeling the cat).
When one uses "fruit", it means a single fruit like mango, orange, and so on. But when we use "fruits" it refers to different kinds of fruit; for example "there are fruits in the basket" means that there is more than one type of fruit in the basket.
I never unpeel anything; I always peel fruit and vegetables with skins (or peels).
the skin or rind of a fruit, vegetable, etc. Rind a thick and firm outer coat or covering, as of certain fruits, cheeses, and meats: watermelon rind; orange rind; bacon rind.

food, small, table, drink, piece, glass, eating, restaurant, cake, cut
A hot drink that is made with wine, beer, or cider, spices, sugar, and usually baked apples and is traditionally served in a large bowl especially at Christmastime (Merriam Webser-wassail) Is a possible recipe like this?
wine, beer, or cider, spices, sugar, and usually baked apples can be interpreted as (wine, beer, or cider), spices, sugar, and usually baked apples or wine, beer, or (cider, spices, sugar, and usually baked apples) One would need more than the language itself to know which the recipe refers to.
"We should be eating smaller portion sizes" is not so much redundant as nonsensical: you cannot eat a size.
Potato chips are known as crisps in the UK. A dry crisp sandwich is two slices of bread, unbuttered, with potato chips as the filling of the sandwich.
Alternatives: Our picnic comprises sandwiches and lemonade. The components of our picnic include sandwiches and lemonade.
If you mean "calcium magnesium carbonate", call it that. If you mean "calcium carbonate and magnesium carbonate", either call them that, or if you wish to shorten it, say "carbonate of calcium and of magnesium".
The word size modifies portion--you can have a large portion, a small portion, a double portion--so to say portion size refers to the size of that given portion.
Exhibit A are known as chips: slapchips (soft, soggy and covered in vinegar) if bought from the store, chips if made at home.
But "steak and melted onions" was just a (sloppy) shorthand for the above. " It is the cheese that is melted, not the onions.
In parts of the US it's called pop, not soda. In some areas soda is also called tonic.

beneath, hanging, fold, execution, hung, underneath, disposal, mastery, hanged, argot
I'm wondering how we got from annulus to anus. I'd like to know the relation between annulus and anus.
Both anus and annulus comes from Latin, where anus meant "a ring," and annulus meant "a little ring.
Hanged has the specific meaning of execution by hanging, with a rope, "until dead.
It is quite rare, and declining: Neath comes beneath underneath, which come underneath beneath!
" user103317, I'm at your disposal for more on the subject. I would say "at someone's disposal", as in "They left a car at my disposal".
fold into pleats. Pleat? synonyms: fold, crease, gather, tuck, crimp; pucker verb 1.
Wikipedia states that to be hung, drawn and quartered was to be... Thus, the term is a bit out of order; you are technically "drawn, hanged and quartered".
" / "They were underneath the couch. " / "They were beneath the couch". I bring this up since many instances of underneath and beneath can be replaced with under.
fold, noun A part that has been folded over or against another: the loose folds of the drapery; clothes stacked in neat folds.
Hanging bats in the batrack is the batboy's task. ... It is however possible to employ hanging bats with hanging as a gerund.

prison, chest, elderly, disabled, breast, enabled, helper, worldview, cp, inmate
Why is it that breast is used when referring to a man's chest, but breasts is used for a woman's?
caregiver |ˈkɛrˈgɪvər| noun a family member or paid helper who regularly looks after a child or a sick, elderly, or disabled person.
When this state changes (from enabled to disabled, or disabled to enabled), an alert is sent to me.
How does a supervisor in a prison address an inmate? For example, a relative came to visit one of the inmates, so the supervisor is going to the cell (where many inmates are) and is about to call on that inmate.
The phrase "duly noted" is very common, but I have never used the word "duly" outside of this context.
When a woman has large breasts, the cleavage between the breasts becomes much more noticeable and attractive.
Mammillar and Mamillary are (apparently) used to refer to things that are breast or nipple shaped (but are not breasts or nipples).
com refers to the difference between chest fat and gynecomastia: (TL;DR) gynemcomastia - breast enlargement due to breast tissue development.
I need a noun to describe the state of being enabled/disabled. UPDATE: For example, I have some device (or software control), which can be in an enabled state or a disabled state.
If multiple individuals have the same worldview, you can talk about some individuals' worldview, but if each individual has his/her/their own worldview, then you would talk about some individuals' worldviews.

fall, sleep, shape, summer, spring, fell, civil, winter, tower, outline
(and be chosen for what? Full lyric: Leaving with twilight though I was chosen To wander the way in the darkest of nights Oh, in the summer sun how soon I came to stray A true damnation, when I turned away So fell autumn rain, washed away all my pain I feel brighter somehow, lighter somehow to breathe once again So fell autumn rain, washed my sorrows away With the sunset behind somehow I find the dreams are to stay So fell autumn rain Blinded by dawning so you would take me Further away, away from the fall Oh, you told me I must never dream again A true damnation, you left me the pain So fell autumn rain, but all things must pass So fell autumn rain, washed away all my pain I feel brighter somehow, lighter somehow to breathe once again So fell autumn rain, washed my sorrows away With the sunset behind somehow I find the dreams are to stay So fell winter
) // Spring: spring-like/springlike, pre-springlike // winter: brumal (literary) // autumn: autumn-like //
Civil Twilight Civil twilight is the brightest of the 3 twilight phases. civil dawn) and EECT (end evening civil twilight, i.e.
) winter? What is the difference between saying "during summer" and "during the summer"?
"Winter, summer, spring and fall are seasons". Is it possible here to use "times of year" meaning "season", like "Winter, summer, spring and fall are times of year"?
com agrees: ellipse versus oval Mathworld agrees: oval thefreedictionary. com agrees: oval versus ellipse mathforum.
com agrees: ellipse versus oval Mathworld agrees: oval thefreedictionary. com agrees: oval versus ellipse mathforum.
In summer 2011, "two summers ago" refers clearly to summer 2009, but sometime in late fall to early winter it becomes ambiguous whether summer 2009 or 2010 is meant.
The amount of nonrecourse debt in excess of the FMV of the property subject to the nonrecourse debt to the extent nonrecourse debt in excess of the FMV of the property subject to the debt is forgiven.
: active in the twilight twilight, n. Note also this article: When an animal is said to be crepuscular, it is active during the twilight hours at dawn and dusk...

innocent, disaster, naive, buddy, laser, revelation, photography, pal, erotic, unaffected
The plural of laser is lasers. The plural of LASER would be LASERs. LASER is now almost universally spelled as a “normal” word and not as an acronym, as laser.
World wars and nuclear disasters have been cataclysmic but not apocalyptic as the world and human life has continued.
"Clad" does indeed mean "clothed" So someone "scantily clad" is "insufficient clothed".
I think you are looking for glamour photography. It is also used as a euphemism for erotic photography and until late 20th century, it was referred to as erotic photography.
However, what do the actual words mean ("clad" from "clothed"? I'm aware of the meaning of "scantily clad", the internet gives some good clues on that (Side question: Does it have erotic implications in itself?).
So for multiple devices operating on the LASER principle: "lasers" or "LASERs".
naive [nah-eev] adjective having or showing unaffected simplicity of nature or absence of artificiality; unsophisticated; ingenuous.
ingenuous showing innocent or childlike simplicity and candidness Kayla was his ingenuous accomplice when she relayed that Rob was sick.
"the rather naive young man had been totally misled" (of a person) natural and unaffected; innocent.
laser beam vocabulary. the pursuit of pure excellence as like a laser beam" or simply use laser in your usages

question, answer, negative, post, asking, quot, site, ask, request, website
on social media? to social media? Should it be-- through social media? or rewrite: on social media sites?
Example questions: If we say Socrates, Hippocrates, etc, why dont we say Aristoteles?
The most common ways I've seen are writing out the words: sad trombone :( trombone Or to use the onomatopoeic Wah, Wah, Wah, Wahhhhhhh … Womp, Womp, Womp, Wommmmmp… (at the behest of several commenters) Or to combine them: sad trombone: wah, wah, wah, wahhhhh …
Affirmative: No (negative) Negative: Yes (positive) So a positive question is answered in the affirmative by a positive, and vice versa for negative questions.
Social media account? , Facebook, Twitter, Blog, etc. Social media venue? ) Social media platform?
rendered mute vs rendered moot Does one douse or dowse a spotlight or projector?
" Shouldn't it be: 2) "This tag question is an example, or isn't it? The negative sentence: 3) "This tag question is not an example, or is it?
They're Instagram hashtags. facebook. Instagram hashtags -https://www. A hashtag is a word or phrase preceded by a hash sign (#), used on social media sites such as Twitter to identify messages on a specific topic.
"User 1 and user 2 have the same request. " "from user 1 to user 2. " &rarr; "Users 1 and 2 have the same request.
Examples of questions using this tag Did English ever have a word for yes for negative questions?

major, australian, army, crow, boo, hindi, colonel, sergeant, lieutenant, gratification
Lieutenant originally meant assistant so Lieutenant Colonel is below a Colonel.
" "My major is Major. " "What major are you?" " "Major? " "Your major is? "Could you tell me your major?
Tickety-boo: (adj. Consider tickety-boo for this character's catch-phrase, as in "I keep it tickety-boo".
G is in the C major chord. G is part of the C major chord. G is a member of the C major chord.
by Ernest Millington Ngram: Sergeant major - Sergeants major. Edit: Source for usage of "Sergeants" and Sergeants Major": The sergeants and sergeants major, trained now to receive instant 8 Regimental Sergeant Major respect and obedience, came home to find alien young males – Was That Really Me?
Daniel is drafted in the army. Daniel is drafted for the army. Daniel is drafted into the army.
I agree "former" does sound a bit like you changed majors: I'm a former English major, now I major in politics.
If what you're studying is directly relevant to your major, it is referred to as sub-major.
But if you were referring to an army that is not the Brazilian army, but instead owned or run by a particular Brazilian (perhaps an army of toy soldiers, or an army of mercenaries), then the Brazilian's Army's ammo supply would be correct.
Wikipedia's entry for Sol mayor links to the English entry for G major: G major (or the key of G) is a major scale based on G So it seems that both G major or key of G seem to be good translations, as they both refer to a major scale as indicates by the Spanish clave mayor.

vi, facing, governor, gov, govern, governmental, stoic, fascinated, imbalance, compile
Why then is governor’s adjective gubernatorial? Govern’s adjective is governable and not gubernable.
unbeknown |ˌənbəˈnoʊn| (also unbeknownst) adjective [ predic. The word that is used in Modern English is unbeknown (or unbeknownst), which has its origin from beknown.
nih. nih. nih. nih. nlm. nlm. nlm. nlm. ncbi. ncbi. ncbi. ncbi. gov/pubmed/26675263
To be facing, reflexively: The café and the church were vis-à-vis Adverb To move into a facing position: They sat down vis-à-vis, each in his corner, ..
) except for "gubernatorial. Both "govenor" and its adjective form, "gubernatorial", originally derive from the same Latin word "gubernare" (to govern) yet we use root "govern" in all contexts ("govern", "government", "governor", "governing", "governmental"...
Google indicates "a slew of" is more popular than "a slough of", but isn't slew the past tense of slay?
adjective: stoic; adjective: Stoic another term for stoical. sto·ic ˈstōik/ noun: stoic; plural noun: stoics; noun: Stoic; plural noun: Stoics person who can endure pain or hardship without showing their feelings or complaining.
gov/pmc/articles/PMC5183991/ nih. nlm. ncbi. https://www. The condition described is Locked-In Syndrome, in which the only apparent sign of life is eye blinking, but sometimes not even that.
I was fascinated by her voice. I was fascinated with his car. With: If the object of the fascination is something that can be held, handled, or manipulated (Rubik's cube for example), then someone can be fascinated "with" it.
How to spell vis-à-vis out loud: Vis-à-vis: V ... s: vis-à-vis: Origin mid 18th century: French, literally 'face to face', from Old French vis 'face'.

man, woman, love, men, slang, oed, old, red, black, white
4-What kinds of flowers does Molly grow? - Molly is growing (these/those) kinds of flowers.
A young woman or girl, especially a peasant girl. Used of a man. A woman servant.
drifter, vagrant, vagabond, itinerant, gypsy, wanderer, hobo, tramp, migrant, nomad, ne'er-do- well _ A Dictionary of Slang and Unconventional English - Page 153 Eric Partridge - 2006 bum-face.
Tightwad: a stingy or miserly person. Synonyms are cheapskate churl hoarder moneygrubber scrooge skinflint stiff (definition 21c - a poor tipper, a tightwad) penny-pincher pinchfist pinchpenny
She wears old-fashioned clothes. Her attire is neither modern nor fashionable. The clothes she wears are out of fashion.
Red is the most popular colour? Red is a popular colour? Red is the usual colour?
According to the Yugioh Fandom page on Blue-Eyes White Dragon, the character is a White Dragon named Blue-Eyes.
to commit adultery adultery : voluntary sexual intercourse between a married man and someone other than his wife or between a married woman and someone other than her husband; also : an act of adultery "after she found out her husband was an adulterer" or "after she found out her husband had committed adultery"
Some examples (all are titles): Jesu, joy of man’s desiring Jesu, grant me this Jesu, good above all other Jesu, lover of my soul Jesu, thy boundless love to me
"Poke in the brown eye" is slang for anal sex. "Poke" is slang for sexual penetration, and "brown eye" is slang for anus.

