word, one, something, mean, would, used, meaning, like, phrase, example
Even the word "wise,"used ironically in reference to someone (perhaps weather-worn) who would not normally be associated with wisdom, could be made to have a deeper meaning that would encompass the nuance of "wizened by hardship.
) The search brings back about 8300 results, very few of them actually finding the the word as a word, in the sense I'm suggesting it.

located, anxiety, bachelor, commission, republic, eager, anxious, equality, ho, bin
Anything in a litter bin couldn't be litter, by reason of it's being in the litter bin.
All diplomatic representative offices are now designated as embassies or high commissions.

hill, perception, soup, container, footnote, wooden, yiddish, illusion, pit, stimulus
A schlemazel is the guy he spills it on. A: A schlemiel is the guy who always spills the soup.
Hallucination Hallucination is a false perception. Illusion Illusion is a kind of wrong perception.

agent, spy, bark, intensive, attendance, cancelled, thrive, canceled, centred, espionage
Egyptian hieroglyphs are the most popular, but the word hieroglyph is of Greek origin ("sacred carvings") and can refer to the characters of several other logographic writing systems: Anatolian Hieroglyphs Cretan Hieroglyphs Olmec Hieroglyphs And more.
This supports what @JoseK wrote as comment to the question: Corpus of Contemporary American English (COCA): CANCELED 3746 CANCELLED 640 British National Corpus: CANCELLED 1194 CANCELED 1

argument, health, bar, ad, fallacy, healthy, bbc, advertising, reasoning, selected
Iron (mispronounced by some as I-run) Dais (mispronounced by some as dias) Greenwich (mispronounced by some as green witch) niche (mispronounced by some as nike) orchid (mispronounced by some as or-cheed) Maoist (mispronounced by some as may-ost) Debris (mispronounced by some as deb-ris) Tupple (mispronounced by some as tyu-ple)
The same applies to the radii, but you more normally talk in terms of diameters of pipes than radii.

year, time, one, two, child, first, name, three, john, month
They are: "Eleven Hundred " "Twelve Hundred " "Thirteen Hundred " "Fourteen Hundred " "Fifteen Hundred " "Sixteen Hundred " "Seventeen Hundred " "Eighteen Hundred " "Nineteen Hundred " "Twenty One Hundred " "Twenty Two Hundred " "Twenty Three Hundred " "Twenty Four Hundred " "Twenty Five Hundred " "Twenty Six Hundred " "Twenty Seven Hundred " "Twenty Eight Hundred " "Twenty Nine Hundred " "Thirty One Hundred " "Thirty Two Hundred " "Thirty Three Hundred " "Thirty Four Hundred " "Thirty Five Hundred " "Thirty Six Hundred " "Thirty Seven Hundred " "Thirty Eight Hundred " "Thirty Nine Hundred " "Forty One Hundred " "Forty Two Hundred " "Forty Three Hundred " "Forty Four Hundred " "Forty Five Hundred " "Forty Six Hundred " "Forty Seven Hundred " "Forty Eight Hundred " "Forty Nine Hundred " "Fifty One Hundred " "Fifty Two Hundred " "Fifty Three Hundred " "Fifty Four Hundred " "Fifty Five Hundred " "Fifty Six Hundred " "Fifty Seven Hundred " "Fifty Eight Hundred " "Fifty Nine Hundred " "Sixty One Hundred " "Sixty Two Hundred " "Sixty Three Hundred " "Sixty Four Hundred " "Sixty Five Hundred " "Sixty Six Hundred " "Sixty Seven Hundred " "Sixty Eight Hundred " "Sixty Nine Hundred " "Seventy One Hundred " "Seventy Two Hundred " "Seventy Three Hundred " "Seventy Four Hundred " "Seventy Five Hundred " "Seventy Six Hundred " "Seventy Seven Hundred " "Seventy Eight Hundred " "Seventy Nine Hundred " "Eighty One Hundred " "Eighty Two Hundred " "Eighty Three Hundred " "Eighty Four Hundred " "Eighty Five Hundred " "Eighty Six Hundred " "Eighty Seven Hundred " "Eighty Eight Hundred " "Eighty Nine Hundred " "Ninety One Hundred " "Ninety Two Hundred " "Ninety Three Hundred " "Ninety Four Hundred " "Ninety Five Hundred " "Ninety Six Hundred " "Ninety Seven Hundred " "Ninety Eight Hundred " "Ninety Nine Hundred "
It's been around five years since I (last) went there. It's been around five years since I haven't been there.

game, football, pull, baseball, jump, pitch, rope, museum, resolution, cricket
of a massagist (masseur or masseuse) as herein defined... source It shall be a violation of this section for any person that doesn't hold a curremt license as a massage therapist to advertise therapy services by using the terms "massage", "massage therapist", "licensed massage therapist", "massage practitioner", "massagist", "masseur or masseuse"...
Although both 'batsmen' and 'batters' have definitions in dictionaries that suggest they can be used interchangeably, it is more common to use the term 'batsmen' in cricket and 'batters' in baseball.

ground, fun, floor, fee, slippery, building, darling, fo, bronze, hazardous
Here are several reasons why: Slippery floors could be hazardous, but not all slippery floors are wet, and wet floors could be hazardous in other ways besides causing slippage.
This is because the ground floor does not count as a floor. The floor above is 1st floor, second floor, third floor + the ground floor = three floors, yet four stories.

book, text, page, title, section, paragraph, read, chapter, introduction, visual
What about Page Master Page Manager Page Director Page Wrangler Page Shepherd Page Guru Page Chief Page Maven Page Holder Page Warden Page Handler Page Coach Page Leader Page Czar Page Prince
Subsection 1 Text of subsection 1.1. Subsection 2 Text of subsection 1.2. Section One This is preamble of the section 1.

day, next, date, last, week, every, meeting, today, meet, th
Every day means: day1, day2, day3, day4, day5, etc. Every other day means: day1, day3, day5, day7, etc.
If you are saying on Sunday, 'This Wednesday' will mean Wednesday of this week, 'Last Wednesday' means previous week's and next will mean next week's.

degree, master, temperature, scale, warm, measurement, lesser, measured, proceed, cable
I will illustrate the possibilities: 20 – 100 ºC 20 ºC – 100 ºC 20 – 100 (º C) 20 – 100 (º Celsius) 20 to 100 degrees C 20 to 100 degrees Celsius 20 degrees and 100 degrees C 20 degrees and 100 degrees Celsius 20º and/to 100º C 20º and/to 100º Celsius 20º – 100º C 20º C – 100º C 20º – 100º Celsius Finally, the degree symbol is the same, whether you are on the Celsius or Fahrenheit scale.
I assume that Master's is in the possessive form because in the phrase "I have a Master's degree", it indicates that the degree is one possessed by a master.

non, drunk, alcohol, da, sober, sequitur, decipher, cabbage, verisimilitude, proximate
If you try to substitute Timbuktu for Nantucket, the pattern of the emphasis is destroyed: there ONCE was a MAN from TIMbukTU da DA da da DA da DA da DA As a native speaker, you should have no trouble determining that "Nantucket" fits the stress pattern called for in the standard limerick form, and "Timbuktu" does not.
But I don't know the difference between "non alcohol" and "alcohol free". I think that "non alcohol" and "alcohol free" have the same meaning.

god, hard, drive, memory, ring, christian, kill, bridge, sat, substance
5" Floppy Disk (Floppy) Compact Disk (CD) Digital Versatile Disk (DVD) 25" Floppy Disk 3.
I would accept all of The cat sits on the mat The cat is sitting on the mat The cat sat on the mat The cat has sat on the mat The cat was sitting on the mat but also the transitive or passive forms of seat and sit She seats the cat on the mat She sits the cat on the mat She seated the cat on the mat She sat the cat on the mat She has seated the cat on the mat She has sat the cat on the mat The cat was seated on the mat by her The cat was sat on the mat by her The cat has been seated on the mat The cat has been sat on the mat The cat was seated on the mat The cat is seated on the mat That only leaves The cat was sat on the mat The cat is sat on the mat which I find difficult to reject, though here sat has a passive tone to me.

adjective, noun, style, mark, word, space, compound, line, quotation, hyphen
Unicode now calls all of these "Dash" characters (meaning, they have the "Dash" property, not that their names mention dash): U+002D ‭ - HYPHEN-MINUS U+058A ‭ ֊ ARMENIAN HYPHEN U+05BE ‭ ־ HEBREW PUNCTUATION MAQAF U+1400 ‭ ᐀ CANADIAN SYLLABICS HYPHEN U+1806 ‭ ᠆ MONGOLIAN TODO SOFT HYPHEN U+2010 ‭ ‐ HYPHEN U+2011 ‭ ‑ NON-BREAKING HYPHEN U+2012 ‭ ‒ FIGURE DASH U+2013 ‭ – EN DASH U+2014 ‭ — EM DASH U+2015 ‭ ― HORIZONTAL BAR U+2053 ‭ ⁓ SWUNG DASH U+207B ‭ ⁻ SUPERSCRIPT MINUS U+208B ‭ ₋ SUBSCRIPT MINUS U+2212 ‭ − MINUS SIGN U+2E17 ‭ ⸗ DOUBLE OBLIQUE HYPHEN U+2E1A ‭ ⸚ HYPHEN WITH DIAERESIS U+2E3A ‭ ⸺ TWO-EM DASH U+2E3B ‭ ⸻ THREE-EM DASH U+301C ‭ 〜 WAVE DASH U+3030 ‭ 〰 WAVY DASH U+30A0 ‭ ゠ KATAKANA-HIRAGANA DOUBLE HYPHEN U+FE31 ‭ ︱ PRESENTATION FORM FOR VERTICAL EM DASH U+FE32 ‭ ︲ PRESENTATION FORM FOR VERTICAL EN DASH U+FE58 ‭ ﹘ SMALL EM DASH U+FE63 ‭ ﹣ SMALL HYPHEN-MINUS U+FF0D ‭ － FULLWIDTH HYPHEN-MINUS There used to be a "Hyphen" property but it was supplanted by the word-break properties.
To add any kind of affix (prefix, suffix, infix, circumfix) to a word is called affixation.

car, stop, road, horse, street, move, train, travel, fast, direction
There are a lot of vehicles: cars, buses, airplanes, trucks but bicycles. There are a lot of vehicles: cars, buses, airplanes, trucks but not bicycles.
"traffic" (noun) Vehicles moving on a road or public highway. Google All the vehicles driving along a certain road or in a certain area MW no traffic very light traffic light traffic moderate traffic heavy traffic slow traffic congested traffic traffic jam

room, light, power, coffee, cup, clean, noise, paper, roll, pen
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah.
Definitely "electric power" then. electric (adjective) : worked by electricity charged with electricity generating electricity electrical (adjective) : relative to electricity of the nature of electricity operating by electricity We say electric fence, guitar, heater, organ, razor, shock, storm.

late, hour, morning, early, dinner, evening, tea, clock, meal, lunch
There's also lunch around noon followed by dinner in the evening. I've seen cases where a noon-time meal is referred to as dinner, and the evening meal is called supper.
In most dialects it now means the evening meal, but some folks still refer to the noon meal as dinner and the evening meal as supper.

stupid, sitting, seat, chair, committee, chocolate, idiot, member, chairman, consent
(-) Is the ionosphere, itself, disperse? " (-) Is the ionosphere not dispersed, but the ionosphere causes dispersion, then I would use "dispersive": ex: "With regard to light diffraction, 100% distilled water has a dispersive nature."
See also urheimat, urschleim, ursprache, urtext According to Wikipedia, Plato was an ur-feminist From OED: ur- (prefix) denoting ‘primitive, original, earliest,’ as ur-Hamlet, ur-origin, ur-stock, etc.

movie, night, happy, video, watch, tv, season, dish, exchange, map
We're off to see the Wizard The Wonderful Wizard of Oz We hear he is a whiz of a wiz If ever a wiz there was If ever, oh ever, a wiz there was The Wizard of Oz is one because Because, because, because, because, because Because of the wonderful things he does We're off to see the wizard The Wonderful Wizard of Oz!
at the night of Christmas Eve on the night of Christmas Eve in the night of Christmas Eve

people, country, american, world, america, culture, north, south, group, indian
For example, people from Indian are Asian, but their culture is very different from Japan, China, and Korea.
People don't know it but it is slighlty offensive to some South Asians and Middle Easterners as they too are part of the Asia continent.

skill, taught, hang, talent, stream, throwing, sarah, filter, acquire, talented
A tortoise is a turtle. But a turtle is not explicitly a tortoise. Tortoises are a species of turtle.
The "Sarah Palin impersonator" refers to an actual Sarah Palin impersonator, a person who showed up at the meeting impersonating Sarah Palin.

thee, layer, thick, stigma, timid, clone, kindergarten, submissive, thuh, blemish
Rather, it should be written: a 5 mm-thick layer or, better, a five millimeter-thick layer 5 mm-thick is a compound adjective formed from the adjectives 5 mm and thick, and it modifies layer.
So, a kid either done with preschool or never gone to preschool is kindergarten ready.

house, building, property, ex, land, ing, al, live, flat, pro
We have a ded­i­cat­ed ques­tion for that, to which this ques­tion is not in­tend­ed to sup­ply ar­gu­ments one way or the oth­er.
and whose ex­tend­ed ab­stract reads: I ar­gue there are four class­es of ad­jec­tives rel­e­vant to syn­tac­tic or­der­ing: pred­ica­tive/in­ter­sec­tive, pred­ica­tive/non-in­ter­sec­tive, non-pred­ica­tive, clas­si­fy­ing (Sven­on­i­us 2008, Al­ex­i­a­dou et al 2007), and pre­vi­ous pro­pos­als have not iden­ti­fied the rel­e­vant se­man­tic di­men­sions.

government, crime, blame, guilty, tie, destination, dedicated, commit, commitment, earned
I always use by, because in this context we mean "grouped by" PnL by trader = PnL results grouped by trader PnL by day= PnL results grouped by day VaR by asset = VaR results grouped by asset VaR by portfolio = VaR results grouped by portfolio
Or if I want to say that Juan gives a present to Ana and Pedro gives a present to Ana: Juan gives a present to Ana, [him/he] too.

shoe, radio, hole, ball, anymore, network, transfer, wire, stroke, transformation
To be stuck in a snare of barbed wire would be most unpleasant, as not only are you trapped in a noose, but one that is jabbing painfully into you.
The same applies to "netball ball", "basketball ball" and "volleyball ball" of course.

joking, kidding, groom, cub, suitor, bridegroom, archipelago, inroad, miraculously, daemon
You're not joking? (or You're not kidding! (or You're kidding me?! -No kidding?!
Does "you've got to be kidding" mean anything different from "you must be joking"?

goodness, tolkien, elf, wordnet, princeton, graphical, gracious, tile, hoof, fleece
When to use Elven, Elvish and Elfic? But "elvish" means that something is of an elf, that is, it comes from an elf, or is an elf, i.e.
The choice is yours: If you want elves like Tolkien’s, use Elves and Elven and Elvish.

human, animal, fish, bird, eat, plant, egg, specie, meat, sick
Fish fish fish eat eat eat. Fish fish fish eat eat. The fish which (fish who are eaten by other fish) eat.
Lacto ovo vegetarian: A lacto ovo vegetarian diet excludes meat, fish, and poultry but includes dairy products and eggs

latest, ensure, insurance, protect, bitter, delight, perfection, assurance, swallow, assure
Here are some possibilities: Arnold was bodybuilding's golden boy Arnold was bodybuilding's darling Arnold is bodybuilding's icon Anrold is bodybuilding's living legend Arnold is bodybuilding's guru Arnold is bodybuilding's paragon
To hypnotize. mes·mer·ized, mes·mer·iz·ing, mes·mer·iz·es To spellbind; enthrall: "He could mesmerize an audience by the sheer force of his presence" (Justin Kaplan).

device, phone, literary, equipment, mobile, electronic, mechanical, telephone, zone, genius
How about gadget, widget, or gizmo? OD: gadget: A small mechanical or electronic device or tool, especially an ingenious or novel one widget: A small gadget or mechanical device.
In cyber space you can do all kinds of cyber activity, including cyber crime, cyber bullying, cyber security, cyber auctions, cyber attacks, work at your cyber job, obey cyber law, bend to the whim of cyber police, enjoy a journey in cyberquest (jk), find a new job through cyber recruitment, avoid cyber terrorism, attend a cyber university, accumulate cyber wealth, all while making cyber friends.

consecutive, bully, successive, provoking, provocateur, typesetting, fondness, bullying, goon, latex
"Acme construction specializes in quality remodeling and renovation. " "Acme construction prides itself on quality remodeling and renovation.
Segar (Popeye's daddy). But it seems like at least one of the senses of the word, as in "hired company goons", could very well be derived from the Hindi word gunda (pronounced goon-daa) meaning hoodlum or bully.

prepared, rough, needle, patch, expletive, install, breakdown, expenditure, resignation, packet
I've heard rough patch, too, but more commonly bad patch or rough time. A bad patch.
What makes a "psychopath" and what makes a "sociopath"? With no regards to medical practice, what's the difference between "psychopathy" and "sociopathy"?

president, wall, initial, headline, bush, roof, johnson, nickname, surprising, concert
blahblah NB: blahblah nb: blahblah NB blahblah nb blahblah (etc. blahblah nb. blahblah NB.
Should it be: Ako's International Students Choir Or Ako International Students' Choir I want the emphasis to be Ako International Students Choir, more than Ako International Students Choir or even Ako International Students Choir.

price, psychological, retail, lobster, pricing, growler, jug, shrimp, kirk, rein
or: MSRP (manufacturer's suggested retail price). The suggested retail price of a product (list price) has the following abbreviations: RRP (recommended retail price), In the United Kingdom the list price is referred to as a recommended retail price or RRP.
$95 = Discount price $105 = Total price So, I would say that : $100 = initial price $110 = Gross price $100 = Net price.

tree, wind, storm, damaged, cocaine, blueberry, outage, consumes, asparagus, resizing
Only the trees were somewhat damaged by last year's storm. The trees were somewhat damaged by last year's only storm.
tree becomes tree's). And The roots of this tree becomes This tree's roots. Hence, The roots of these trees becomes These trees' roots.

height, profile, concentrated, congratulation, elevation, altitude, nz, doughnut, cactus, kiwi
Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: A jelly doughnut? Gunnery Sergeant Hartman: And why not, Private Pyle?
Both altitude and elevation can be used to mean the height of an object from the sea level, but elevation is especially used to mean that.

letter, message, sign, email, received, write, reply, sent, send, mail
Send via email or Send by email Also, same in case of... Communication [over, by, through, via, with] email Which one is more formal - via or by?
For example: U+0660 ‭ ٠ GC=Nd 0=NV SC=Common ARABIC-INDIC DIGIT ZERO U+0661 ‭ ١ GC=Nd 1=NV SC=Common ARABIC-INDIC DIGIT ONE U+0662 ‭ ٢ GC=Nd 2=NV SC=Common ARABIC-INDIC DIGIT TWO U+0663 ‭ ٣ GC=Nd 3=NV SC=Common ARABIC-INDIC DIGIT THREE U+07C0 ‭ ߀ GC=Nd 0=NV SC=Nko NKO DIGIT ZERO U+07C1 ‭ ߁ GC=Nd 1=NV SC=Nko NKO DIGIT ONE U+07C2 ‭ ߂ GC=Nd 2=NV SC=Nko NKO DIGIT TWO U+07C3 ‭ ߃ GC=Nd 3=NV SC=Nko NKO DIGIT THREE U+0966 ‭ ० GC=Nd 0=NV SC=Devanagari DEVANAGARI DIGIT ZERO U+0967 ‭ १ GC=Nd 1=NV SC=Devanagari DEVANAGARI DIGIT ONE U+0968 ‭ २ GC=Nd 2=NV SC=Devanagari DEVANAGARI DIGIT TWO U+0969 ‭ ३ GC=Nd 3=NV SC=Devanagari DEVANAGARI DIGIT THREE U+096F ‭ ९ GC=Nd 9=NV SC=Devanagari DEVANAGARI DIGIT NINE U+09E6 ‭ ০ GC=Nd 0=NV SC=Bengali BENGALI DIGIT ZERO U+09E7 ‭ ১ GC=Nd 1=NV SC=Bengali BENGALI DIGIT ONE U+09E8 ‭ ২ GC=Nd 2=NV SC=Bengali BENGALI DIGIT TWO U+09E9 ‭ ৩ GC=Nd 3=NV SC=Bengali BENGALI DIGIT THREE and many more besides.

new, city, state, york, area, united, london, track, television, actor
Here is a list of some onomatopoeic words (from here): Buzz, Beep, Whirr, Click, Clack, Clunk, Clatter, Clink, Achoo, Ahem, Fizz, Bah, Bump, Bam, Bang, Bash, Puff, Bawl, Boing, Bong, Bonk, Boo, Varoom, vroom, Bubble, Whoosh, Slurp, Wham, Biff, Pow, Snore, Swish, Swoosh, Blare, Blurt, Boing, Boink, Boom, Slurch, Clank, Clatter, Click, Ring, Ting, Honk, Jingle, Toot, Hum, Thud, Tick-tock, Cluck, Poof, Crackle, Ding, Hiccup, Crunch, Eek, Flick, Ping, Plop, Zap, Zing, Zip, Zoom Buzz, beep, honk, plop (and so on) are perfectly normal, commonly-used English words.
- metro San Francisco - BART, Bay Area Rapid Transit etc. London - “The Tube”, from the tube-shaped deep level bored tunnels Paris - metro, full name “Métropolitain” New York City - subway, because the main lines have significant underground sections Chicago - “The L” - from el, because it is mostly elevated Boston - “The T” - from MBTA, the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority Washington, D.C.

sentence, verb, would, use, one, example, noun, like, phrase, correct
This is true when the wh-word is the subject or the object, although you'll notice we use do-support when the wh-word is the object (when the main verb is not is): Who told you that?
Much can in general be an adverb (much better), a determinative / determiner (much trouble), or a pronoun (didn’t each much) especially when used with negated verbs as a sort of negative polarity item (NPI).

thread, shopping, enclosed, firmly, diminutive, mall, liver, creole, zeugma, sewing
ravelen "to tangle, fray, unweave," from rafel "frayed thread. " The seemingly contradictory senses of this word (ravel and unravel are both synonyms and antonyms) are reconciled by its roots in weaving and sewing: as threads become unwoven, they get tangled.
Here is my input: Weaving -plex has an etymological meaning of "weaving", hence: weaving weaver weave unweaving unweaver unweave This terminology gives you the benefit of using other names for variables, such as weft, woof and perhaps yarn and warp too.

full, abbreviation, dark, acronym, cast, apostrophe, shade, shadow, darkness, solar
It depends on whether the abbreviation is an acronym or an initialism. As "fubar" and "scuba" are usually pronounced as a word (making them acronyms), it would make sense to say "a fubar" and "a scuba diver".
Iterate over what? To 'iterate' is to repeat something, say, an action, so we can iterate a procedure, or we can iterate over x, or iterate through x.

bit, employed, improper, contractor, propriety, affinity, fleeting, kludge, proprietor, wolfe
com/be+chomping+at+the+bit be champing/chomping at the bit also be chafing at the bit to be very keen to start an activity or to go somewhere.
Improper, indecent, unbecoming, unseemly are applied to that which is unfitting or not in accordance with propriety.

free, arabic, cargo, velocity, arab, messy, peninsula, shipment, displacement, unwillingness
But I am not from the Arabian Peninsula, therefore I am not an Arabian person. "Arab" does not necessarily involve a relation to Arabia (the Arabian Peninsula).
'Loathe' is a verb used to indicate repugnance: I loathe Brussels sprouts. 'Loath' is an adjective suggesting unwillingness or reluctance: I am loath to eat my Brussels sprouts.

square, annoyed, ginger, orbit, annoy, nasa, satellite, photographer, optimistic, blonde
If it is "on orbit" it is both "in orbit" and in it's intended orbit. A spacecraft can be "in orbit", but not in the correct orbit.
Three kilometres squared is three kilometres on one side and three kilometres on the other side which is 9 square kilometres.

per, mile, weekend, fuel, metric, efficiency, leap, playful, imperial, km
gam·boled or gam·bolled, gam·bol·ing or gam·bol·ling, gam·bols To leap about playfully; frolic.
Once when visiting Canada, I saw a TV commercial for a car, advertising its fuel efficiency in miles per (imperial) gallon.

good, bad, dog, music, taste, bone, nose, smell, musical, poor
Those flowers smell good. I feel good about that. My fingers feel badly when I have gloves on.
Here is my current understanding of these English phrases: very bad (=not good at all, =not very good); bad (=not good at all, =not very good, =not very bad); not good, not bad (=not good at all, =not very good, =not bad at all, =not very bad); good (=not very good, =not bad at all, =not very bad); very good (=not bad at all, =not very bad).

snow, appetite, crust, cur, pellet, fluff, blizzard, hobson, cl, illusory
Snow pellets have characteristics of hail, sleet and snow. Snow pellets have a whiter appearance than sleet.
This is about the same as English with its snow, slush, sleet, blizzard (not to mention skiers' terms like hardpack, powder and crust).

water, fire, air, cold, fear, run, surface, sea, body, rock
If you Google for "ceiling phobia," a condition called altocelarophobia seems to be a thing: alto- (high) celaro- (ceiling) phobia (irrational fear) an irrational fear of high ceilings So, by analogy: obcursu- (falling) celaro- (ceiling) phobia Behold obcursucelarophobia: an irrational fear of falling ceilings.
Do you windsurf and kitesurf on the sea or in the sea? Do you windsurf and kitesurf on the lake or in the lake?

hamburger, docile, bing, ecosystem, crossroad, lennon, newscaster, rafter, cinematography, stocked
3) Is this a crossroad or a crossroads or are these crossroads? 2) Is this a crossroad or a crossroads or are this crossroads?
Examples squeeze shelves under the rafters Cabinet under the rafters Kids’ Rooms: Under the Rafters Up high under the rafters, this white on white bed easily doubles as a reading nook by day.

le, count, countable, uncountable, brand, fewer, xyz, survey, much, abc
I know that fewer is used for countable nouns and less is used for uncountable nouns, but when a specific quantity is given, should I use fewer or less.
With uncountable nouns, use much more or much less How much more fiber does a banana have than an apple?

silence, sydney, missile, guided, donut, launched, dorothy, unequivocally, amuse, spoonerism
3) India launched its Agni PSLV 5 missile from Chandipur,about 15 km from Balasore.
India launched its Agni PSLV 5 missile from Chandipur, about 15 km from Balasore.

roman, cheese, sticking, defeated, swiss, cracker, fuzzy, cod, slander, tuna
Asterix defeated seven Romans; Obelix three. Asterix defeated seven Romans; Obelix, three.
Does this recipe call for Cheddar cheese or cheddar cheese? Does pizza have mozzarella or Mozzarella on it?

dictionary, com, http, definition, webster, www, merriam, amp, org, online
sourceid=chrome-instantion=1espv=2ie=UTF-8#q=unblacklist com/webhp? google. I found it is an acceptable usage: https://www.
com/dictionary/aerie or 2: http://www. com/dictionary/english/eyrie org/wiki/eyrie#English Though some dictionaries only list 3: http://www.

practice, religious, religion, holy, archive, muslim, gin, valued, maturity, modesty
Muslim people practice Islam. Islamic people practice Islam. The Quran is the Muslim holy book.
but not Islamics practice Islam. one can also say Muslims practice Islam. Therefore, instead of saying Muslim people practice Islam.

term, word, use, used, example, would, one, system, also, work
For artists who publish their own personal works online, you might try "web artist", "internet artist", or "net artist" which both return quite a few examples of usage in Google results for those terms.
or Use another short term, use another reference name or use another local name.

dream, demon, admire, mundane, imitate, welfare, scary, mare, nightmare, emulate
" Is Ravan een demon-king, then "demon-king Ravan". Is demon-king a title, the "Demon-king Ravan."
What is the difference between the usage of dream of and dream about? I dream about becoming a doctor.

tactic, strategic, parting, renamed, tactical, pomp, cerebral, ferret, litany, enamored
You can have "Renamed A to B" (most common), "Renamed A as B" (less common) and "Renamed A, B".
html "If you’re crazy about ferrets, you’re enamored of them. It is less common but still acceptable to say “enamored with”; but if you say you are enamored by ferrets, you’re saying that ferrets are crazy about you."

english, word, language, sound, latin, used, french, like, american, pronunciation
But I wouldn't expect to find Scots speakers in the Western Isles, or much in the northern highlands.
According to Greg Brooks, Dictionary of the British English Spelling System: All the words in which /dʒ/ is spelt ⟨d⟩ were formerly pronounced with the sequence /dj/, and conservative RP-speakers may still pronounce them that way (or imagine they do).

register, empty, registered, null, void, egypt, sack, pointer, signifying, cache
Aqualung Aspirin Astroturf Band-aid Bubble wrap Butterscotch Cellophane Chapstick Coke (only in some regions) Crock pot Cuisinart Dumpster Dry ice Escalator Frisbee Jeep Jello Jetski Hacky sack Heroin Hoover (mainly in the UK) Kerosene Laundromat Linoleum Muzak Q-tip Tarmac Taser Thermos Trampoline Velcro Walkman Yo-yo Zipper
void *next = NULL; void *prev = NULL; void *curr = NULL; When coding, I've typically used curr to match the length of the names of the next and prev variables that are usually also involved, e.g.

past, time, present, tense, verb, would, perfect, event, action, future
If you were to use "are", you would also have to use "do": Present tense: I do not think you are...
So these sentences have different meanings: "Something is changed" describes the state of something; it has changed, maybe recently, maybe a long time ago.

pair, tool, engine, instrument, expensive, pencil, damn, scissors, cart, damned
5-litre/165bhp 4-cylinder petrol engines, for now. 5-litre/165bhp 4-cylinder petrol engines only, for now.
/ This is my pencil. This is his pencil. This pencil is his. *This pencil belongs to his.

number, value, point, amount, large, zero, unit, base, quantity, string
Numbers between 0 and 1 are fractions, and fractions expressed as a decimal are decimal fractions.
A number with no decimal values is called an integer. If there are an infinite amount of decimal digits, it is an irrational number.

fruit, skin, orange, vegetable, sharp, abroad, outer, lemon, overseas, peel
ldoce defines: Peel [noun]: the skin of some fruits and vegetables, especially the thick skin of fruits such as oranges, which you do not eat: orange peel Peel [verb]: to remove the skin from fruit or vegetables Peel and dice the potatoes.
In its noun form, a peel is the outer skin of a fruit or vegetable. Because the verb 'peel' is a negative connotation already, to have peel and unpeel exist is just redundant.

food, small, table, drink, piece, glass, eating, restaurant, cake, cut
A hot drink that is made with wine, beer, or cider, spices, sugar, and usually baked apples and is traditionally served in a large bowl especially at Christmastime (Merriam Webser-wassail) Is a possible recipe like this?
wine, beer, or cider, spices, sugar, and usually baked apples can be interpreted as (wine, beer, or cider), spices, sugar, and usually baked apples or wine, beer, or (cider, spices, sugar, and usually baked apples) One would need more than the language itself to know which the recipe refers to.

beneath, hanging, fold, execution, hung, underneath, disposal, mastery, hanged, argot
I'm wondering how we got from annulus to anus. I'd like to know the relation between annulus and anus.
Both anus and annulus comes from Latin, where anus meant "a ring," and annulus meant "a little ring.

prison, chest, elderly, disabled, breast, enabled, helper, worldview, cp, inmate
Why is it that breast is used when referring to a man's chest, but breasts is used for a woman's?
caregiver |ˈkɛrˈgɪvər| noun a family member or paid helper who regularly looks after a child or a sick, elderly, or disabled person.

fall, sleep, shape, summer, spring, fell, civil, winter, tower, outline
(and be chosen for what? Full lyric: Leaving with twilight though I was chosen To wander the way in the darkest of nights Oh, in the summer sun how soon I came to stray A true damnation, when I turned away So fell autumn rain, washed away all my pain I feel brighter somehow, lighter somehow to breathe once again So fell autumn rain, washed my sorrows away With the sunset behind somehow I find the dreams are to stay So fell autumn rain Blinded by dawning so you would take me Further away, away from the fall Oh, you told me I must never dream again A true damnation, you left me the pain So fell autumn rain, but all things must pass So fell autumn rain, washed away all my pain I feel brighter somehow, lighter somehow to breathe once again So fell autumn rain, washed my sorrows away With the sunset behind somehow I find the dreams are to stay So fell winter
) // Spring: spring-like/springlike, pre-springlike // winter: brumal (literary) // autumn: autumn-like //

innocent, disaster, naive, buddy, laser, revelation, photography, pal, erotic, unaffected
The plural of laser is lasers. The plural of LASER would be LASERs. LASER is now almost universally spelled as a “normal” word and not as an acronym, as laser.
World wars and nuclear disasters have been cataclysmic but not apocalyptic as the world and human life has continued.

question, answer, negative, post, asking, quot, site, ask, request, website
on social media? to social media? Should it be-- through social media? or rewrite: on social media sites?
Example questions: If we say Socrates, Hippocrates, etc, why dont we say Aristoteles?

major, australian, army, crow, boo, hindi, colonel, sergeant, lieutenant, gratification
Lieutenant originally meant assistant so Lieutenant Colonel is below a Colonel.
" "My major is Major. " "What major are you?" " "Major? " "Your major is? "Could you tell me your major?

vi, facing, governor, gov, govern, governmental, stoic, fascinated, imbalance, compile
Why then is governor’s adjective gubernatorial? Govern’s adjective is governable and not gubernable.
unbeknown |ˌənbəˈnoʊn| (also unbeknownst) adjective [ predic. The word that is used in Modern English is unbeknown (or unbeknownst), which has its origin from beknown.

man, woman, love, men, slang, oed, old, red, black, white
4-What kinds of flowers does Molly grow? - Molly is growing (these/those) kinds of flowers.
A young woman or girl, especially a peasant girl. Used of a man. A woman servant.

