dictionary, old, american, sound, see, sense, new, come, common, language
In my reading today, I came across this phrase: Pardon the mixed metaphor, but you’ve brought a knife to a gun fight. [Link] The (longtime) columnist was saying the person was outmatched.
Charles Mackay, A Glossary of Obscure Words and Phrases in the Writings of Shakspeare and His Contemporaries (1887) has an interesting but rather lengthy entry for "Brown study," parts of which I reproduce (with annotations) below: Brown study.
As the other answers say, in South Africa there is a lot of Afrikaans speakers, and Dutch is quite frequently known too.
If you wanted to refer to a specific accent you'd have to refer to the name of the area (i.e. Dublin accent, Cork accent, Midlands accent, etc.
I used to say zoo-ology until I came across words like zoological and zoogeography. For example, Random House Unabridged shows only [zoh-ol-uh-jee] and Random House Kernerman Webster's College Dictionary shows only (zoʊˈɒl ə dʒi) Furthermore in Cambridge Dictionary the pronunciation for UK English is given as /zu/-ology while the American pronunciation is given as /zoʊ/-ology.
In addition to faggot, a known decedent of the Latin fasces, a bundle of sticks, there may be another faggot in American English that became the pejorative for male homosexual.
/ˈəʊbɔɪ/ (oh + boy) I have no direct information, but let's reason this out. The most modern pronunciation, as recorded in current British dictionaries, is /ˈəʊbɔɪ/ (hoe + boy), with the first syllabe being the same as that of oboe (/ˈəʊbəʊ/), apart from the initial h.
The Concise Oxford Companion to the English Language describes the situation as follows (it's mostly concerned with the orthography, however, not the phonology): [T is] elided after s following a stressed vowel: before /l/, especially in the terminal syllable -le, as in castle, nestle, pestle, trestle, wrestle, [...
The verb fuddle, attested in the OED since 1588, means to muddle the mind with strong drink. Fuddled originally meant intoxicated and later grew to mean muddled or confused.
Not really, no. All English spoken today has changed somewhat since the 17th Century, and for as long as we know there have always been many different English accents.

make, thing, correct, case, might, know, someone, want, context, form
You have three verbs, each governing a particular time from a particular point of view: Some ideas (1) had been suggested previously*, but because something else (2) is happening, no idea (3) proved good enough.
Non-native speakers of any language struggle with the flow of the adopted language. How do they pick up on this so easily?
The usages that you mention all work slightly differently. Symmetrically, to say ‘I have no time for [someone]’ is to dismiss that person as not being worth spending effort on.
According to the answer sheet, the blank is to be filled by using the word harmful, which (to me) makes very little, if any, sense at all in this structure.
The following is my initial attempt to answer your final question. Y = can be reduced N = can't be reduced ? Others may find it needs correcting / adjusting.
To be certainly can, because it has its existential meaning, as well as its copulative meaning. To painfully be, not to painfully be.
"He just told me that it's important and to give it to you when the time was right. I don't know, it just sounds better to me.
The simple present tense in these sentences refers to the general time of "now. Why isn't anyone at all helping?). Why aren't they still helping him?).
All three are acceptable. …both from… would be slightly less usual than "…from both…", but this emphasises the both and as such the fact that there are two sources, precisely in being slightly unusual (it leads the reader to pause and focus slightly).
This question or a similar one may have been answered here before. But I couldn't find an answer. So I'm going to ask how the grammarians here would punctuate the following sentence: "The author argued that his results differed from previous results because the methods he used differed from the methods that previous researches used and his sample came from a different part of the world than the samples that those researchers used.

fall, size, rain, fell, falling, snow, loan, debt, winter, penny
Tightwad: a stingy or miserly person. A miser. Synonyms are cheapskate churl hoarder moneygrubber scrooge skinflint stiff (definition 21c - a poor tipper, a tightwad) penny-pincher pinchfist pinchpenny
When do we use crossroad (singular), when do we use crossroads (singular) and when do we use crossroads (plural)? Or can we use each of them for the same thing?
I threw some rubbish in a litter bin the other day, when it occurred to me that the receptacle couldn't be a litter bin, because litter is only unwanted things strewn across the road.
The borrower carries no other liability. Thus, if the borrower defaults, the lender can seize the collateral, but has no other recourse to satisfy the debt.
Position of question mark when sentence doesnt end with question Take this statement for example: That's not the question.
Snow pellets can also occur when a snowflake melts about half way then refreezes as it falls. Snow pellets have characteristics of hail, sleet and snow.
a light, brief shower of snow. Flurries usually produce little accumulation (Definition from American Meteorological Society and National Snow and Ice Data Centre).
Hail is also ice pellets, but they are produced by a different meteorological process, and can occur any time of year. This often happens when it starts raining, and then becomes cold enough to snow, or vice versa.
I'm from Australia where we don't have so many kinds of precipitation. Right now I'm not in Australia but Georgia, the former Soviet republic.
I'd suggest that he is being a scrooge (as opposed to Scrooge) In the English language, a scrooge – with a lowercase “s” – is a person who is unwilling to give to others.

voice, direction, speed, signal, button, format, technique, light, command, procedure
How is the spelling of a hyphenated word usually read out loud? For example, with "Anglo-Saxon", do we say: "It is spelt as A&mdash;N&mdash;G&mdash;L&mdash;O&mdash;dash&mdash;S&mdash;A&mdash;X&mdash;O&mdash;N.
(1) How to punctuate lists in general? (2) also, what case to use? VS. VS. (4) is it (everything) the same for all cases?
I would tend to put the description of the vector before the word vector, and the name of the vector after the word vector.
Iterate over what? I guess that is the point. To 'iterate' is to repeat something, say, an action, so we can iterate a procedure, or we can iterate over x, or iterate through x.
Your question is a little confusing because you ask about "a vector of signals," but you don't use those words in your example.
Derogatory: detracting from the character or standing of something/someone. &mdash;The Oxford Dictionary of English, 2010 Lambaste: Criticize (someone or something) harshly &mdash; The Oxford Dictionary of English, 2010 Harangue: A lengthy and aggressive speech or lecture &mdash; The Oxford Dictionary of English, 2010 Vilification: To vilify, to make someone the villain, abusively disparaging speech or writing.
I'm not sure if I should call it "cache partition technique" or "cache partitioning technique". My intuition told me I should use "cache partitioning technique" but I'm not that sure.
I've sometimes seen this construct, used to avoid repetitive handwriting, but I don't even know if it's proper English.
Both options that you are considering are unclear. In other words, each of the two is unclear. To be perfectly clear, say: The datasets HapMap 6 and CEU HapMap 610 are each stored in an individual schema.
The key is the word macroscopic. Individual particles within compressible fluids may have velocities that differ from the macroscopic velocity.

car, american, water, british, party, president, corpus, million, hit, political
There are many incidences of that’d meaning “that would” in the Corpus of Contemporary American English: SPOKEN 208 (2.
I bought Toyota's car. or I bought a Toyota. or is there a better alternative? I bought a car manufactured by Toyota. How would you say "a car manufactured by Toyota"?
The usage stats from the British National Corpus (BNC) look as follows: ALL SPOKEN FICTION MAGAZINE NEWSPAPER ACADEMIC NON-ACAD MISC dammit 125 3 99 3 8 0 7 5 damnit no results damn it 158 12 137 1 1 0 2 5 And here are the stats from the Corpus of Contemporary American English (COCA): ALL SPOKEN FICTION MAGAZINE NEWSPAPER ACADEMIC dammit 763 20 647 60 30 6 damnit 94 2 86 6 0 0 damn it 1307 83 1112 58 36 18 The Corpus of Historical American English (COHA) paints the following picture: (X axis: year, Y axis: incidences per million words)
I'm writing an automobile website and some of my paragraphs contain the word "only". 6-litre/124bhp and 1. 8-litre/132bhp engines.
Looking on the Corpus of Contemporary American English for dawdle, and comparing the result with what reported by the British National Corpus, I would say that the word is not so common in American English, but it is used more in American English than in British English.
Cane sugar comes from sugarcane. Sugarcane is the crop, cane sugar is the refined grains of sugar. Edit: you also get other things from sugarcane, such as falernum, molasses, rum, cachaça, bagasse and ethanol.
If a:b=1:2, which of the following would be correct? a) The ratio of a and b is 1:2 b) The ratio of a to b is 1:2 c) The a to b ratio is 1:2.
Here are some stats from the Corpus of Contemporary American English, the British National Corpus, and Google: COCA BNC Google a friend of mine 1227 230 33.
There are a lot of vehicles: cars, buses, airplanes, trucks excluding bicycles. There are a lot of vehicles: cars, buses, airplanes, trucks but bicycles.
Neither. The verb you are looking for is close. Just to demonstrate that that's what people actually use, here are the stats from the Corpus of Contemporary American English (COCA) and the British National Corpus (BNC): COCA BNC [close] a loophole 23 3 [plug] a loophole 4 1 [stop] a loophole 0 0 [fix] a loophole 0 0 And for the sake of completeness, here's a list of the top 25 collocations from both corpora for [v*] a loophole: COCA BNC 1 FOUND A LOOPHOLE 23 BE A LOOPHOLE 3 2 IS A LOOPHOLE 16 IS A LOOPHOLE 3 3 CLOSE A LOOPHOLE 15 FIND A LOOPHOLE 3 4 'S A LOOPHOLE 11 EXPLOITING A LOOPHOLE 2 5 WAS A LOOPHOLE 9 HAVE A LOOPHOLE 2 6 FIND A LOOPHOLE 9 CLOSE A LOOPHOLE 2 7 CLOSING A LOOPHOLE 5 SAYS A LOOPHOLE 2 8 CREATED A LOOPHOLE 4 USING A LOOPHOLE 1 9 EXPLOITED A LOOPHOLE 4 SAY A LOOPHOLE 1 10 PLUG A LOOPHOLE 4 PLUG A LOOPHOLE 1 11 USED A LOOPHOLE 3 LEAVES A LOOPHOLE 1 12 LEFT A LOOPHOLE 3 CLAIMS A LOOPHOLE 1 13 EXPLOITING A LOOPHOLE 3 BECOMING A LOOPHOLE 1 14 FINDING A LOOPHOLE 3 CREATE A LOOPHOLE 1 15 CLOSES A LOOPHOLE 3 CLOSING A LOOPHOLE 1 16 DISCOVERED A LOOPHOLE 3 17 CREATING A LOOPHOLE 2 18 CONTAIN A LOOPHOLE 2 19 ADDRESS A LOOPHOLE 2 20 CREATE A LOOPHOLE 2 21 HAVE A LOOPHOLE 2 22 HAS A LOOPHOLE 2 23 OPEN A LOOPHOLE 2 24 USE A LOOPHOLE 2 25 SUPPORTED A LOOPHOLE 2 26 USING A LOOPHOLE 2 27 LEAVE A LOOPHOLE 2 As you can see, out of all the various things that various people like to do to various loopholes in various situations, only close and plug fit the bill in yours.

name, computer, user, program, fish, plural, named, variable, programming, register
I have trouble punctuating elliptical constructions. Which of these is correct? Asterix defeated seven Romans; Obelix, three.
The two examples are different from each other. " &rarr; "Users 1 and 2 have the same request. " (No, you can't simplify, because the direction is required.
Pham, but I go by “Andy”. If I want to include my nickname, where should I put the nickname portion? Anh D. “Andy” Pham Anh “Andy” D.
I would recommend for the following as the clearest of each choice. Asterix defeated seven Romans, Obelix three. Asterix defeated seven Romans, and Obelix three.
Fish is a good example. It can also refer to a particular type of fish. The plural of particular types of fishes is fishes
If you have something like: Get the name(s) of all users. Anyone know what is the proper way? The way I see it, each user has only one name, so it could be singular, but you will be getting many names, one for each users, so it could also be plural.
I can make this work grammatically, but you REALLY have to squint at it. This is comparable with the famous buffalo sentence.
Questions about English used for programming computers, but not about programming languages or the naming of programming constructs.
I keep second guessing myself on this one. However, the term as it is commonly used is not meant to imply something is like George Boole in any way.
It can lead to conflicting names of the variables. Scope is the part of the program where a particular identifier, such as a variable or a function name is accessible.

company, money, product, service, business, pay, store, card, customer, data
Are all of these options acceptable and in current use to denote payment with a credit card? E.g. Please charge this amount on me/my credit card/my (credit card) account.
Every sale by a seller is a purchase by a buyer. The interaction is an exchange. The seller exchanges the good or service for the money.
How it is called (in the US) when you go to the bank or an ATM to add cash to your VISA/MasterCard debit card? That is, when you add cash to the bank account which is tied to that card.
biweekly = every two weeks bimonthly = every two months biennially = every two years semiweekly = twice a week semimonthly = twice a month semiannually = biannually = twice a year
What is the correct spelling of "web browser" (e.g. Chrome, Firefox, etc. ) in the context of a software user interface, either as single word (e.g.
There is no such word, "licencee". Licence = noun; the licence document. License = verb; i.e. to grant licence. Licensee = the holder of the licence.
Please charge this amount on me/ (to/on) my credit card/my (credit card) account. Please charge this amount to me/(to/on) my credit card/my (credit card) account.
Wire transfer, bank transfer or credit transfer: is a method of electronic funds transfer from one person or entity to another.
In England, as often as I've heard those words used, they were always ee-aj or ee-ej (like age)at the end. So Verb-ee-aj or verb-ee-ej.
, as explained in one of the answers to the question you linked to. A debit card is a card issued by a bank, therefore it qualifies as a bank card.

zero, facebook, null, grouped, elbow, trader, prevented, grease, slander, bakery
I always use by, because in this context we mean "grouped by" PnL by trader = PnL results grouped by trader PnL by day= PnL results grouped by day VaR by asset = VaR results grouped by asset VaR by portfolio = VaR results grouped by portfolio
Are there any specific rules for articles before the word zero? Thanks! "a zero magnetization" or "the zero magnetization" or "zero magnetization"?
The answer may depend on the first language. The way you think of the situation. Prepositions are always subjective. Firstly know the connection between subject and landmark Here the subject is Sheila and landmark is facebook.
Zero is can be used to indicate a counted quantity whereas null cannot. In math you can have a set with no items in it (a null set) or you can have a set with a zero in it ({ 0 }) which are not the same.
Telling a person to repeat something they have said sounds better to me, but is it more correct to ask them to resay what they said?
Egyptian hieroglyphs are the most popular, but the word hieroglyph is of Greek origin ("sacred carvings") and can refer to the characters of several other logographic writing systems: Anatolian Hieroglyphs Cretan Hieroglyphs Olmec Hieroglyphs And more.
The phrases the dog’s bollocks, the bee’s bollocks, and golden bollocks are used to mean something or someone excellent, fine, or well thought of.
According to Dictionary. com, Slander is a good word for what you describe. * 2. without object: to utter or circulate slander.
According to Merriam-Webster, "abacus" has two proper plural forms: abaci and abacuses. Looks like you were both correct!
The kind of Facebook that you are referring to, there's only one such, that is the Facebook. (proper noun: use an uppercase F).

child, woman, law, family, mother, father, love, parent, wife, relationship
"Brother/sister-in-law" is common U.S. English usage to refer to the spouses of your spouse's siblings. I have four brothers-in-law -- my sister's husband, my husband's brother, and my husband's sisters' husbands.
The sister to a husband becomes the wife's sister-in-law. If the sister in-law was to marry a woman, would she also become the wife's sister-in-law?
For example: Brother to brother: "We are brothers. We are siblings" Son to father: "We are ________. " I do not know of a word in English to express parent-child relations like that other than in terms of one to the other (i.e.
Your brother's wife, no matter what his age, is called a sister-in-law. Your sister's husband is a brother-in-law. As far as I know, there's no specific term if your sibling is a god brother or god sister, other than god sister's husband or god brother's wife.
So basically, my mom recently remarried to a man with one daughter from a previous marriage. Obviously, she's my step-sister.
He is your brother-in-law. There has already been a similar question posted here to which the answer was "sister-in-law", so I'll finish the list here: Your spouse's brother or your sister's husband is your brother-in-law.
If you only have one sister and she is younger than you, she is your younger/little/baby sister. If you have several sisters, it gets more complicated: The sisters closest to you in age, but younger, are your younger/little sisters.
The answer to this can be viewed from a logic process. The sibling of a spouse is by relation the brother or sister of the spouse, and by marital assignment the brother or sister - in - law to the spouses marriage partner.
There's no single word for this in English. You can call this person your 'grandmother-in-law' or your spouse's grandmother, but it is not widely understood to mean that.
It is more common to use a more explicit term, such as my niece's husband, possibly because nephew-in-law could be ambiguous - is it your niece's husband, or your spouse's nephew?

com, http, book, amp, google, content, university, ngram, college, chart
Does this help you not use ironical except as an adjective? http://ngrams. googlelabs. com/graph? content=ironic%2C+ironicalyear_start=1800year_end=2000corpus=0smoothing=3 Ironical http://ngrams.
Have you looked at the Google NGram graph for this? http://books. google. com/ngrams/graph? content=toniteyear_start=1800year_end=2008corpus=15smoothing=3share=
Has the word kudos outdated the word or exclamation bravo! Here's what Google Ngram shows: https://books. google. com/ngrams/graph?
Looks like it really started to be used in the middle of 1950s. http://ngrams. googlelabs. com/graph? content=antimatteryear_start=1800year_end=2000corpus=0smoothing=3
I like the word and use it. But I'm out on a limb it seems. https://books. google. com/ngrams/graph? content=thrice%2C+three+timesyear_start=1800year_end=2000corpus=15smoothing=3share=direct_url=t1%3B%2Cthrice%3B%2Cc0%3B.
I really like Google's N-gram viewer. Look how a picture says more on the subject than a thousand books could :) Burgled vs.
Update: it works! https://books. google. com/ngrams/graph? content=ammo%3Aeng_us_2012%2Cammo%3Aeng_gb_2012year_start=1800year_end=2012corpus=15smoothing=3share=direct_url=t1%3B%2Cammo%3Aeng_us_2012%3B%2Cc0%3B.
... which is 200 cartons below target. google. com/ngrams/graph? content=below+targetyear_start=1940year_end=2008corpus=15smoothing=3share=direct_url=t1%3B%2Cbelow%20target%3B%2Cc0
I would agree on the ago. the NGram Viewer seems to do as well - here is the usage by the way NGRAM http://ngrams. googlelabs.
It is more idiomatic, in American English, at least, to say reschedule for today. http://ngrams. googlelabs. com/chart?

great, removed, generation, cousin, uncle, aunt, ancestor, grandfather, atom, tolkien
Atom is a countable noun. Hydrogen is a mass noun. Hydrogen does not have the same meaning as hydrogen atom. Hydrogen atom is another way to say atom of hydrogen (just like ice cube is another way to say cube of ice).
What is the type (adjective, noun, etc. ) of the word atom in hydrogen atom? I think that atom here does not qualify hydrogen in any way and we can use it or not, and the meaning of the word hydrogen will not change.
Kinship terms in English begin with the first common direct ancestors. It gets a bit tricky when people are of different generations.
A child of a sibling of your parents is a first cousin. A grandchild of a sibling of your grandparents is a second cousin.
It's very easy to determine the relationship in English. First, find your common ancestor. Siblings have the same father, cousins have the same grandfather, etc.
As JSBangs said, there are not several different words for cousins to distinguish between maternal and paternal cousins or the gender of the cousins.
My brother is into genealogy, and he described for me a simple way to remember these relationships. Going up-generation uses ordinals.
I have difficulties in using each. Which would be correct in the following sentences? They are each connected to a hydrogen atom/hydrogen atoms.
Also, note the use of apostrophe. In relation to some of the other answers: Ancestors would be a better term than Predecessors.
The choice is yours: If you want elves like Tolkien’s, use Elves and Elven and Elvish. If you want elves like Wolfe’s, use Aelf (plural Aelfe) and Aelfinn.

crime, center, institution, chain, prison, facility, prisoner, transformation, jail, custody
how can I describe in English that Institution B is becoming a part of Institution A? In other words, can I say that: Institution A is including Institution B in?
" Soft words allow society to accept holding fellow Americans captive under some bizarre theory of "rehabilitation" (another euphemism).
In the United States, jails are operated by cities and counties (or equivalent). Prisons are operated by states and the federal government.
I want to describe "capacitance between a pair of electrodes when A is present", "capacitance between a pair of electrodes when B is present", "capacitance between a pair of electrode when C is present, and "capacitance between a pair of electrodes when D is present", collectively.
- confinement in a jail: she was sentenced to three months' jail. The NOAD reports the following definitions: jail /dʒeɪl/ ( British also gaol) noun a place for the confinement of people accused or convicted of a crime: he spent 15 years in jail | [as adjective] a jail sentence.
The terms are synonymous in British English. Though it still gets used a lot in conversation. And incidentally, the term inmate for prisoner is officially deprecated in the UK.
To be clearer, state the relationship between "crime in X" and "causal chain" in your caption, and use a full sentence.
OK then -- following your clarifications, I suggest these possibilities: Figure 14. (As a typical example of such a chain) Figure 14.
Carcareal is almost certainly a variant of carceral meaning "like a prison". Both seem fairly rare, and restricted to post-modernist writers such as Michel Foucault.
user5142 is correct that they are synonyms in British English use. I'll add that the same is true of Irish English use.

paper, code, bag, corner, purchase, shopping, stuff, plastic, pole, economics
I was wondering how to determine what an attributive clause modifies? Does "which combines neoclassical methods and Keynesian approach macroeconomics" modify "the neoclassical synthesis"?
The rule is to parenthesize the second item. So, for example, Bits of RNA (ribonucleic acid) mediate the conversion of genetic information into amino acids.
Keep in mind that genetic code, unlike ASCII code, is not a one to one code. For example, GGG, GGA, GGC, and GGT all correspond to Glycine.
While there is overlap, there is definitely domain unique to each. A nook could be an inside corner, but it connotes seclusion, and may denote "coziness.
Premises: Carboxylic acids are a class of organic acids. Both acetic acid and lauric acid are examples of carboxylic acids.
Impish ‎(comparative more impish, superlative most impish) Wiktionary (Adjective) impish ‎(comparative more impish, superlative most impish); mischievous; of or befitting an imp.
What's the difference in meaning between "with purchase" and "upon purchase"? e.g. Enjoy a complimentary tote bag with every purchase of cosmetic goods Enjoy a complimentary tote bag upon every purchase of cosmetic goods
In the following two examples, is there any difference as to how amino acid should be hyphenated? There are twenty amino acids.
The specific word for this would be merlon: (in a battlement) the solid part between two crenels. A battlement is made out of a: consisting of a regular alternation of merlons and crenels; crenelation A crenel is defined as: any of the open spaces between the merlons of a battlement.
A "cranny" is a crack or a crevice. 2)A nook is a sheltered and secluded place. 3)A nook is a recess esp. one offering seclusion or security.

suffix, ending, brain, eye, perception, visual, experienced, breath, ic, historic
It isn't just about vision. For instance, an optic nerve aids you visually... not optically. An optical illusion means that the optic mechanics of your eye/brain are illuded.
As far as I know the meaning of "perception of people" is "perception about people" but when I want to say "people's perception, can I also change it to "perception of people" form with the same meaning??
It seems to me that "optical" relates more to the mechanics of light and vision, whereas "visual" is a much broader term.
While the punctuation in the quote is acceptable, placing a comma after the word "hallucinations" would make the sentence a bit clearer (to me, at least.
A "case in point" is something like a relevant example. How does the phrase break down literally, though? What about "case in point"?
According to Wikipedia an illusion is any distortion of the senses. Dictionaries similarly don't explicitly define illusions as visual.
For the first pair, both statements can have multiple interpretations: "decoding time" - It is now decoding time. (It is time to perform the decoding.
Shaze means The Sri Lankan Rapper who raps in 3 languages. Shaze Tempain is a Sri Lankan-American Hip Hop Artist and his real name is Sajith Geethanjana.
Optical illusion is a more general term for all such artwork. -- Wikipedia An optical illusion (also called a visual illusion) is an illusion caused by the visual system and characterized by visually perceived images that differ from objective reality.
Illusion Illusion is a kind of wrong perception. In illusion, an external stimulus is always present. In other words, illusions are caused by external stimulations.

miss, void, kitten, compassion, deepest, prick, pitiful, rejoice, tug, emptiness
The standard phrase or idiom is tug at one's heartstrings: one's heartstrings used in reference to one's deepest feelings of love or compassion: the kitten's pitiful little squeak tugged at her heartstrings NOAD Also, NOAD defines tug thus: pull (something) hard or suddenly Thus, when something tugs at (pulls at) your heartstrings, it deeply affects your feelings in some way (a prick, a pang, etc).
When coding, I've typically used curr to match the length of the names of the next and prev variables that are usually also involved, e.g.
’ Oxford Dictionaries Like "heartache" and "broken hearts" it doesn't have to refer to a physical sensation, but it can.
I'm always late when I date you. So you're gone. You're my goal and I can't reach that goal. " The more this happens the more I feel your absence.
The only two meanings I know for "miss" are: the one as in "miss a chance" and the one as "think about". where the first "miss" meant "don't encounter", and the second "miss" meant "think about".
You can rebuke the manipulator by telling them: "I can't be swayed by you plucking my heartstrings" or "I won't change my mind because of you playing my heartstrings" Per Dictionary.
The pinkie is the smallest finger in your hand. This is the one farthest from your thumb. The pinkie may also be called the fifth finger.
Policy "A' is void. If you mean "someone" who has been replaced, a replacee may fit. replacee (plural replacees) That which is replaced.
Yack, Yack, Yack or Yacking Yack -- Merriam Webster "to talk in a loud way often for a long time" "Even though I was obviously trying to do the crossword, my seat-mate kept up a constant yack, yack, yack during the entire flight.
F'x's answer is completely correct with regards to the usage of the legal term "null and void": Both refer to the same meaning of invalidity.

argument, ad, logical, attack, fallacy, toilet, beer, visited, delivery, accusative
1) India launched its Agni PSLV 5 missile at Chandipur,about 15 km from Balasore. This results in a missile hitting Chandipur.
Betty learned that Albert telephoned after Isaiah visited. Can anybody explain whether "after Isaiah visited" tell us: (1) when Betty learned something about Albert or (2) when Albert telephoned?
Correct usage of ‘on’, ‘at’ and ‘in’ from a foreigner’s point of view I don't know which of these three sentences is preferable: India launched its Agni PSLV 5 missile at Chandipur, about 15 km from Balasore.
It is considered to be a fallacy. Such an attack is called an ad hominem. From wikipedia: Ad hominem (Latin for "to the man" or "to the person"), short for argumentum ad hominem, is where an argument is rebutted by attacking the character, motive, or other attribute of the person making the argument, or persons associated with the argument, rather than attacking the substance of the argument itself.
There is a slight difference in your first two sentences. First, the difference between "and" and "or": 1) I am against twablulation except in the cases of delivery, attack, and colorization of a twibble.
From Wikipedia: "Argument from fallacy is the formal fallacy of analyzing an argument and inferring that, since it contains a fallacy, its conclusion must be false.
What is adhesive tape (or "Scotch" tape) that is used for packaging things is usually called in the United States? What verb do you usually use for "package something with packaging tape"?
I have to disagree with @kiamlaluno. The New Oxford American Dictionary, with which I know he is familiar, gives this listing for Scotch tape: Scotch tape trademark noun transparent adhesive tape.
Pail is completely synonymous with bucket, except in phrases such as diner pail, slop pail, oyster pail, kick the bucket, bucket brigade, bucket seat, bucket hat, etc.
This has really been bothering me. Which of these is the most correct? I am against twabulation except in the cases of delivery, attack, and colorization of a twibble.

dollar, clean, oldest, eldest, acme, warp, cleanliness, quartz, hygiene, stamen
Neither is standard. The first is wrong; the second is borderline-acceptable. "Acme construction specializes in quality remodeling and renovation.
I'm looking for recommendations on how best to abbreviate the following demographic income range: 1 below 3,000,000 Japanese yen (JPY) 2 between 3,000,000 and 4,999,999 JPY 3 between 5,000,000 JPY and 7,999,999 JPY 4 8,000,000 JPY and above Would it be correct to rewrite as: 1 below 3M JPY 2 between 3M and 4.
) The set 10-course meal, which changes monthly, is 3,680 yen (about $40, assuming that 91 yen is equal to a dollar). However, the wording of the explanatory quote above is not as good as the wording in your example; the article's wording is more natural.
Wiktionary: to refurbish To rebuild or replenish with all new material; to restore to original (or better) working order and appearance.
All you have to say is 1 up to 3m yen 2 up to 5m yen 3 up to 8m yen 4 over 8m yen It's Just That Simple. (Of course, use the yen symbol, JPY, yen, Yen, or whatever is appropriate.
This: People are not educated about cleanliness. Would mean that people aren't taught about hygiene. Where as this: People are not aware about the cleanliness. ...
As to which to use, people will get what you mean whichever you say. The above ngram shows that Google books hasn't any record of "two dollar word" or "four dollar word" and some records of "ten dollar word".
Examples: He is the eldest/oldest of the three children. Mine is the eldest/oldest car on the block. 'Is New York the eldest/oldest city in the US?
If you mean "a trick that saves [or costs] a billion dollars", then the expression is "a billion-dollar trick". The hyphen is necessary because billion modifies only dollars (not dollar trick); why the word dollar is not pluralized I don't know, but it isn't.
The set 10-course meal, which changes monthly, is 3,680 yen (about $40 at 91 yen to the dollar). If you divide 3680 by 91, you get approximately 40.

black, red, white, green, stem, kitchen, wire, insect, oxymoron, schadenfreude
Can this possibly be a correct phrase: Green green green green green. I got it from a Russian demotivator: I wonder if there is any possible meaning, or whether it shouldn’t be more like this: Green green greens green green.
List form: In your question, you provided an ordered list. In list form, I would only use the colon. Try to keep the colon as close as possible to what it is listing about.
In this example: bla bla bla phrase such as even if something like this doesn’t exist bla bla bla. What can I use to inject my phrase in the middle of the sentence?
I would use 'red buses and cabs, and black buses and cabs'. 'Red and black buses and cabs' to me means buses and cabs which are all painted in both red and black, perhaps red up to the bottom of the windows and black above.
You've probably blown up by now. Cut the red-green wire. These were either not prohibited at all (if the expert meant red-green), or not prohibited individually.
The colon is more appropriate since you're presenting a list. The semicolon essentially preserves the flow of thought within a sentence.
Red is the most popular colour? Red is the most commonplace colour? Red is the usual colour? Red is the norm? Red is the conventional colour?
Viz: Is peaceful demonstration an oxymoron? The OP suggests that Jumbo Shrimp is an oxymoron because Shrimp can be used to denote a small person.
'A contact between a green and a red ball' is both grammatically correct and clearly conveys that you are speaking of only one of each.
"Red Hat" does not belong in quotations. Which of their hats? The phrases: Red Hat's red hat red Red Hat hat Red Hat red hat are all perfectly grammatical.

quote, letter, parenthesis, bracket, sic, correction, local, mercy, original, jinx
So: "... " or "... " This is not the most common usage for recte, but I think it would convey the message. The conventional way is the following: "...
Based on a parallel with my children's use of "jinx" I would propose: ... It might not be correct, but it is at least extensible :-) ...
A discussion of adjective ordering is the right approach here I think, but... To me, “local crumbed scallops” would be already-crumbed scallops obtained locally; “crumbed local scallops” would be scallops obtained locally and then crumbed after being obtained.
What is the proper use of [square brackets] in quotes? Parentheses or square brackets? When I add information beside a word in a Bible verse, what bracket should I use?
Sentence: There are typos in letter A and there are typos in letter B. Note: The typos in letter A may be different from those in letter B.
In English, the adjectives are written (or should be written) in a particular order; the answers given in Adjective order explain better in which order they should be written.
What if "nonlocal" scallops were also available? [optional] What form would a native German speaker find more natural, and why?
For example, the quote: Hellow, can you tell with me in scype? Will become Hellow[sic], can you tell[sic] with me in scype[sic]?
I have a question. If I am quoting a quote which has square brackets in it already, but I want to add square brackets because there are spelling mistakes so I want to add "[sic]".
As Robusto says, you should use everyone’s. Neither everyones’ nor everyones is a word. Note that everyone is always singular and cannot be pluralized, which means everyones is incorrect.

import, hunger, disgust, imported, export, mustard, nausea, yolk, nauseous, disable
Nausea, by itself, is the urge to vomit. I had really bad nausea. Nauseated is the verb meaning to become affected with nausea.
From Wikipedia: A zigzag is a pattern made up of small corners at variable angles, though constant within the zigzag, tracing a path between two parallel lines; it can be described as both jagged and fairly regular.
I don't quite understand how one should use the expression "exported from somewhere". What does it mean when an item is exported from a given place?
According to http://www. thefreedictionary. I agree, it does sound better; but, naturally, disable is used as a verb. Hence "disable time" suggests that a subject is trying to disable time (whatever that means).
If you are asking about the sentence Does this also mean that if exports increase and nothing happens to imports, will that lead to Net Exports increasing?
I came across the line, “In the orphanage he shared with Puss, H.D. was the youthful butt of excruciating jokes (or eggscruciating yolks).
This no doubt dates me, but we used to use: doodly squat, also-doodley squat, also-diddly squat 1. a minimum amount or degree; the least bit (usually used in the negative): "This coin collection isn't worth doodly-squat in today's market.
Meth (or sometimes crystal meth) means methamphetamine. It is the most common name for the drug, at least in the US. A meth head is someone who uses meth.
Dyad is commonly used for pairs of things. Here is a dyad of definitions: Dictionary online and Webster's historical dictionaries There's a whole set of related words with increasing valence: monad, dyad, triad, tetrad, pentad, hexad, etc.
queasy means suffering from nausea, a stomach distress with distaste for food and an urge to vomit. "... if I eat any more meat, I'd vomit.

ear, listened, headphone, onboard, ms, earphone, jquery, piel, rockin, affronted
Earphones/earbuds are those worn in the ears without a headband. While they come in pairs, one can have an earphone/earbud in one ear, leaving the other dangling.
Can you wear headphones (plural) in only one ear? Or would I have to use a singular form? EDIT: I want to show that even though she has a set of headphones, she's only wearing a singular piece of it in one ear.
They pull their ears would be grammatically correct. However, it does not convey whether the theys pull one or two ears.
Consider the following: I pull my ear. He pulls his ear. She pulls her ear. What would be the correct form of "ear" for plural subjects?
As fumblefingers mentions, the answer to the question is contextual. Nevertheless, phrases I've used in the past to point out that I am not in favour of whatever misstep the recipient of my missive has allowed themselves: Disappointed, MSS Affronted, MSS Disapprovingly, MSS Disparagingly, MSS et ad nauseam...
If there is a noun, then parenthesis or a comma, where should a 's go? For example: The dog (who was very big)'s ears perked up.
I found this when learning underscore. js (a programming framework). The introduction says: It's the tie to go along with jQuery's tux.
It has several possible names. Earpiece is a holdover from (in electronic terms) ancient times of land lines where you had a phone that was attached by a wire in the wall.
Alternatively, you can tell someone he has nothing between the ears. (TFD) If you say someone has nothing between their ears, you are saying they are stupid, that they have no brain.
Why not just add the word left or right? (Or am I being too simplistic? ) In the past tense, the sentence could be: They all pulled their left ear.

tell, truth, lie, false, joke, pride, praise, speaks, deceive, falsehood
The most common ways I've seen are writing out the words: sad trombone :( trombone Or to use the onomatopoeic Wah, Wah, Wah, Wahhhhhhh … Womp, Womp, Womp, Wommmmmp… (at the behest of several commenters) Or to combine them: sad trombone: wah, wah, wah, wahhhhh …
" ? is it possible? Thanks in advance :) I think these two questions are ok to use with Should  Shouldn't and it's same meaning can you tell me why to do?
We have a word for telling something that is not truthful, a.k.a. to lie, but why is there no conjugatable term for telling the truth?
Is a question that starts with "What need is there to" grammatically correct? If so, is there a difference in meaning or nuance between that clause and "Is there a need to"?
Toffee-nosed https://dictionary. cambridge. org/dictionary/english/toffee-nosed "People who are toffee-nosed consider themselves to be better than other people, especially than people of a lower social class: He's a toffee-nosed git - take no notice of him!"
What is the best way to end an informal sentence (such as a text or over Facebook chat) with haha? My only thought was perhaps 'haha' itself could be considered punctuation.
Is there any word/phrase particularly for when one tells others something one incorrectly believes to be false, that is, when one intends to lie but what one tells is, unbeknownst to her, in fact true?
How's effusive? Effusive: marked by the expression of great or excessive emotion or enthusiasm: effusive praise... We've used "effusive" in English to describe excessive outpourings since the 17th century...
I believe the term you are looking for is petitio principii Petitio Principii: (circular reasoning, circular argument, begging the question) in general, the fallacy of assuming as a premiss a statement which has the same meaning as the conclusion.
It can signify a number of things. You might be disappointed by what you hear: not being supported, not being complimented, not getting an answer, etc.

room, unit, touch, owner, smell, map, apartment, rent, owns, dwelling
With the slightest bit of context, I think these would be understood unambiguously. For the owner, use "renting out", and be definite ("my apartment"): I am renting out my apartment in New York.
But if a house was divided up into units, they would each be considered apartments. Condo, which is short for condominium, is mostly the subset of apartments where the individual living units are owned by different people.
"I'm in the room" is the phrase you should be going with. If you're talking about the room for the first time with person X, use 'a', as in "In a room which is on so and so floor".
What is the plural form of “iPad 2”? When can an adjective be postposed? I'm curious particularly with iPod Touch and iPad Mini The plural would be iPod Touches and iPad Minis, or iPods Touch and iPads Mini
If you are a tenant, you would be "renting" an apartment. If you are a landlord, you would be "letting" an apartment. Sometimes landlords will use the word "rent.
I am confused about the usage of the words like and unlike in sentences. Like and unlike make me confused because I see them being used everywhere almost interchangeably, and to make matters worse I even saw commas making difference in meaning.
The Merriam-Webster entry for "odor" contains: a. a quality of something that stimulates the olfactory organ : scent b.
As a renter I usually think of the tenant as renting, but the dictionaries seem to disagree with me as to primary use. If you are the landlord, you could say I am renting out an apartment in New York.
We are translating the great OpenStreetMap editor JOSM to Hungarian and arguing on the translation of "map tile". Some of us state that it should be literally translated, because map tile and map section are different things, map tile being an online, scalable form of a map section.
Consider the following widely-accepted plural forms of popular Apple products whose names consist of two nouns: Macbook Pros iPod Shuffles iPhone 4s Mac Minis Macbook Airs Just as one wouldn't say Macbooks Pro, so also one shouldn't say iPods Touch.

power, government, kill, approved, ruler, democracy, dictator, chauvinism, unlimited, authoritarian
Is there any other way of saying 'unlimited time'? The actual sentence looks like these: Now FREE for Unlimited Users for Unlimited Time.
Added extras from Andy's comment Suicide is to kill yourself. Genocide is to kill a genus. Homicide is to kill a human.
I use Cambridge online dictionary as my reference. What confused me are the examples given for despot (excerpted from the dictionary page): an evil despot The king was regarded as having been an enlightened despot.
Likewise, an anocracy could be a totalitarian dictatorship (it says nothing of rulers; just that there is no government).
These words are related but might not refer to the same exact thing. However, an autocracy may be totalitarian or be a military dictatorship.
a person invested with or claiming to exercise absolute authority. a person who behaves in an authoritarian manner; a domineering person.
In the context of speech, is there a word like dictator to describe a person who dictates (a person who speaks, says something, etc: dictator)?
All your four choices are acceptable in daily use. I have "To Kill a Mockingbird" on my list. I will write you about it when I complete it.
"Dictator" is not merely negative as it describes a particular type of power. In the Roman empire the dictatorship was not badly rated as it could with certain leader like : Nero ; or in other country other time Hitler.
X is in the control of Y means that Y is controlling X. X is in control of Y means that X is controlling Y. So in your examples, the terrorist is in the control of the government means that the government is controlling the terrorist, while the terrorist is in control of the government means that the terrorist is controlling the government.

degree, lt, symbol, entity, scale, gt, range, temperature, arm, grade
Compare: debug. print "Hello World" with (http://daimi. au. dk/~eriksoe/Flip/hello-small. flip) 01\ /2\ /2\ /2\ /2\ /2\ /2\ @ \ X @*X @*X @*X @*X @*X @*\ / \ // v\ / v\ / v\ / v\ / v\ / v\ / v\ Q /1*X /1*X /1*X /1*X /1*X /1*X /1*X/ // ^ +\^ +\^ +\^ +\^ +\^ +\^ +\ \\ @ // @ // @ // @ // @ // @ // @ // // 0 @ 0 @ 0 @ 0 @ 0 @ 0 @ 0 @ \\  X/, X/, X/, X/, X/, X/, X/, / + // 0/ 0\/ 0\/ 0\/ 0\/ 0\/ 0\/  X 0 +  \ \ \ \ \ \ @\+| \,X / \/ \/ \/ \/ \/ \/ P \, 8518742187541875418754321718643218754321876318754187417215319 \ ///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@ Certainly there is a gulph of possibilities between these two examples, but it is clear that NLP is easier to grasp--in basic terms--for a naive reader.
they do best in temperatures between 40 degrees and 125 degrees Fahrenheit (5 degrees and 52 degrees Celsius). ... So, there is no choice.
Valid constructions: too adjective to verb so adjective that condition/state expressed as a standalone sentence There is no such construction "too adjective that condition".
I hope that this computational linguistics question is not an off-topic here. For my little just-for-fun programming project I'm looking for common English phrase part-of-speech patterns to use to generate pseudo-natural-language phrases.
With a left curly brace for the 3 last lines of the following block and the proper symbols, I'd say something like this: let p(x) be the performance of x and LAI the coefficient of vegetation sparsity, p(d1) ≈ p(d2)  0 LAI  1 p(d1)  p(d2) 1  LAI  6 p(d1) ≈ p(d2) ≈ 0 6  LAI
I have seen 'Muslim' and 'Islamic' both used as adjectives to describe things relating to Islam. Is there a nuanced difference between the two words?
Should spaces be used between "" or ">" and numbers or letters? For symbols, what is right? P10, P 10, P  10 or P 10? For numbers, what is right?
It might be explained when we write the first sentence like this? 1) "It is better to be x than y. " 2) "Why be x when you can be y?
The metal bar was straight. But I bent it to make a right (90 degrees) angle. Can I say it as below? The metal bar was bent 90 degrees.
Both Fahrenheit and Celsius use the same symbol, just as they both use the same word. immediately preceding "Celsius" or "C" or "Fahrenheit" or "F", not following each number.

cloud, virus, amazon, trail, frankenstein, addicted, deployed, crumb, maze, othello
"In the cloud" - You can use this phrase to say that a resource is part of the cloud. "On the cloud" - You can use this phrase to say that you're writing about a specific cloud.
If you are going to say '... is running on the machine' , ' ... is running on the cloud' , '... @Bruno - I thought we say 'the application was deployed to the cloud' instead of 'in the cloud' Edit: Added answer - I think it best to use 'on' or 'in' or 'to' depending on the context.
I have always thought the word annulus to be exceptionally awkward. I'd like to know the relation between annulus and anus.
There's no consensus, but The Collective Nouns Page gives us a souffle of clouds. All Sorts has: a pageant of clouds a sky of clouds a storm of clouds a fuck of clouds a cumulonimbus of clouds a menagerie of clouds a cling of clouds Answers.
Both anus and annulus comes from Latin, where anus meant "a ring," and annulus meant "a little ring. " The Latin annulus is derived from the Latin word anus.
Here is the text http://www. shakespeare-navigators. com/othello/T33. html#sd329 and nicely enough here is the explanation http://www.
I think you want Crumbly, meaning that the [cookies] are highly likely to crumble (produce crumbs). If you'd prefer something unrelated to "crumbs", you could use Fragile, but while appropriate it doesn't work nearly as well.
Its plural forms are viruses or vira, and viri and virii are proscribed. Note: from that page, viri exists in Latin but is the nominative plural of vir which means man.
I've been receiving emails at work inquiring about registering our key fobs. This is slightly disturbing to me as I've always called it a key thob.
hope you can help me. I am not sure what should I use (or what is actually correct to use). I want to say that "I am sending stuff from one place to another" and at the same time "I am receiving stuff from other places to one specific place".

ship, row, copied, cargo, transit, spreadsheet, shipped, shipment, flippant, disgusted
I disagree with @baquiano to some extent. So in that respect it differs from cargo. For one thing, shipment can also refer to the goods themselves, as in The shipment of machine parts was due to arrive yesterday.
Your sentence is This is a ship-shipping ship, shipping shipping ships. The last shipping is an adjective, describing what kind of ships are being shipped.
The sentence as you use it pertains a little different meaning than the alternatives. It is perfectly OK to say The rows should be copied.
There are two parts to this spreadsheet. There are two parts to this spreadsheet. There are several ways of describing a spreadsheet that consists of two parts, but neither of the two you provide would the normal way be of doing so.
You appear to be considering the two verbs to form a single action, and yet they are two separate operations that can be performed upon the subject (rows).
I'm not sure what the objection to using saucy is all about. Sure, the word has other meanings, but most words have multiple meanings.
In many cases these terms may be used interchangeably. A shipment is generally referred to as a collection of goods which at some point will be, are currently, or have already been moved from one geographical location to another.
I would prefer "pasted" over "copied": I pasted it into the document. Pasting implies that the object of the paste was previously copied, while it is entirely possible to copy something and never do anything else with it.
Word starting with T Since you mention t in your comment to Chenmunka... tem·er·ar·i·ous [tem-uh-rair-ee-uhs] adjective reckless; rash.
"Farthest in the front" is the opposite, and very much an option. That said, I don't think anybody actually says "in the farthest back row".

earth, harry, package, orbit, satellite, nasa, packet, ron, cheeky, mischievous
(I'll use “spooky-graphoid” as a randomly made-up technical term and “saturated” as a random adjective from the scientific vernacular.
It is my understanding that, within the aerospace industry, "on orbit" means "in the correct orbit" (such as "on target" or "on path").
Earth is capitalized when it's a name (proper noun of our planet), and not when it's a noun (referring to a planet, its soil, its land...
At the beginning of a sentence is obvious. I'm referring to the following examples: A handful of earth. What on earth? We returned quickly to earth.
The premise is flawed, in my view. The package sells "cheapest" would be more correctly stated as "sells most cheaply" or "the package is the cheapest".
I would say this sentence is incorrect because it implies cause and effect. It implies that the earth moves in a particular way in order that it may orbit the sun.
What's the difference between 'the Earth' and 'Earth'? Why is there an article before Earth on the first sentence, and none on the second one?
According to the Wikipedia Manual of Style, it appears your examples should be as follows: A handful of earth. What on Earth?
This is how data is transmitted over a network, by breaking it into packets of a few bytes: http://www. computeruser. computeruser.
Your first two lines are correct: Delivery should mean the recipient has been given the package Ship should mean the package has left the warehouse Transmit is not appropriate for a package, but is for diseases and signals etc.

number, primary, jack, secondary, ate, chocolate, binary, disaster, ordinal, cardinal
What is the correct term to describe the words in the following sequence: primary, secondary, tertiary, quaternary, quinary, senary, septenary, octonary, nonary, denary, duodenary, etc.
The terms are "Cardinal" and "Ordinal" and "Distributive". One, two, three, etc. are "Cardinal Numbers. " First, second, third, etc.
I was curious to know what comes after: Primary, secondary, tertiary, ... This Oxford website says it is "quartenary, quinary, ...
In British English negative questions with the verb have (when it's a lexical verb and not an auxiliary) can be formed in two ways.
primary, secondary, tertiary, quaternary, quinary, senary, septenary, octonary, nonary, denary, duodenary, etc. Currently I'm considering replacing word_or_phrase with higher-order, higher-tier or n-ary, with the intended meaning of "from tertiary onwards".
Here is something I was able to discover on the internet the prime time I confronted the same predicament as you. These come from the Latin roots.
What are the rules (if any) to form the adjective meaning n-ary (in group of n)? When referring to numbers between 0 and 10, the -ary adjectives are: 0 - nullary 1 - unary 2 - binary 3 - ternary 4 - quaternary 5 - quinary 6 - senary 7 - septenary 8 - octonary or octary 9 - novenary or nonary 10 - decenery or denary Can this sequence be continued?
any of the numbers that express amount, as one, two, three, etc. Naturally, in the right contexts, these have been shorted to "cardinals" and "ordinals", i.e.
Here we wish to make sure the usage of ... number(s) of ... , which one below is correct? An even number of people An even number of cards Even numbers of people Even numbers of cards An odd number of people An odd number of cards Odd numbers of people Odd numbers of cards Six numbers of people Six numbers of cards Six number of people Six number of cards A six number of people A six number of cards
duodenary I am curious as to what would be the sequence of terms regarding a set of 'n' items? Anyone know where this list may be?

mark, sign, punctuation, sc, inverted, issued, po, smiling, visa, gc
Common Digits Although it was not always this way, at one point in the history of the Unicode Standard, they made explicit that a digit was only usable for a base-10 numeric character used to compose big-endian numbers.
No, an emoticon is a symbol, not punctuation. Unicode clearly differentiates symbols such as math symbols and currency symbols, from punctuation, such as open or close punctuation.
Obviously the word "sign" is countable noun in this context. One sign. Two signs. But NO SIGN means zero sign. I'd like to say: The calm, balmy evening air showed no sign of the carnage that would ensue.
Programmers have been known to call it ‘hook’. Edit: Modern programmers have a lot more hooky things to cope with than just the old QUESTION MARK from antediluvian typewriter keyboards.
The standard, but not very satisfying, answer is that you use an EN DASH (codepoint U+2013) as a higher-order HYPHEN (codepoint U+2010).
A rave-up still has some use but it's most common, since around the 1990s, to simply say a rave. Rave-up is somewhat dated, and dates to 1967.
I am writing a piece on Kandi Kids, the name for a specific rave culture. "The Kandi Kid community... " (Proper noun. ) "She gave him a piece of kandi.
If you need the embassy to provide a visa, then you would request them to issue one. References: http://dictionary. cambridge.
For example: Mark said 'I go there all the time'. or 'I go there all the time. ' Which is correct? Or would both be considered to be fine?
I'm trying to find a word for a 'self assessment' type card. It has to mean something along the lines of "mark I thought I would receive" or "mark I am confident that I will receive".

address, window, internet, shape, server, automatically, curve, bark, assign, spy
But it it feels like it depends too heavily on the initial clause. Also, the final clause is the conclusion of the whole sentence.
Suppose a document is using the term "Internet Protocol" for the first time, along with its abbreviation, "IP". For example: Rar rar rar...
I am confused about the meaning of "use of internet" and "internet usage". Is there any difference between these two phrases?
This is mainly a response to Noldorin's answer; I don't have enough reputation points to comment directly. com agrees: "An ellipse always has two axes of reflection; an oval has one or more.
I have a bigger issue with this sentence. When did VPN become a verb? " I believe all of these should be essentially equally correct.
This is adapted from my answer to another question. In my experience, "ellipse" usually has a precise, geometric meaning, while "oval" is a more vague and general term.
"Car window" is a type of window; that which would be part of a car. "Car's window" generally means the window of a particular car.
Some computer programming languages have a whole family of int types: bare int, unsigned short int, long int, and so on.
"The" refers to a specific instance or sample of quinine bark. If you were in the lab and saw a pile of quinine bark you might say to a colleague "I'm going to run a test on the quinine bark," but to the rest of the world there is just quinine bark in general, which is (presumably) what the research hinges on.
How about ‘server address’? You could somewhere early in the document define that ‘server address’ denotes the concatenation ‘servername-hostname-port’ and then always refer to it as ‘server address’.

microblog, coffeescript, sound, correct, vowel, however, seems, sure, thing, common
Use microblog. Here are the various verbs out there that Twitter competitors and users are actually using and therefore would be meaningful.
Microblog is the only verb that refers specifically to short public postings to social networking services like Twitter.
Consider this text: JavaScript contains weird parts and some people like the idea of being able to avoid having to understand those parts.
As the others have said, there is nothing ungrammatical about the construction. I found it perfectly clear, although it does require a little mental gymnastics to keep the sense clear.
I search rather than Google and vacuum rather than Hoover. Is there a short (single syllable? ), established, generic term I can use in case I switch to identi.
Just a historical note on what is an old question that has burbled back into activity. My understanding was that "tumblelog" was the original term for posting short messages on a social media platform.
Your grammar is fine, and the sentence was perfectly understandable to me, even before you provided more context. I admit that it is a bit convoluted, though, so many readers would have to stop and re-read the sentence before they could make sense of it.
The two-sentence rewrite Nexisa resolved not to give up until she had achieved her dreams. Her determination was stronger than ever.
There are a couple of idioms which cover the basic idea that everyone's needs or wants are not identical: Horses for courses To each his own The adjectives/adjectival phrases custom, customized, fitted, tailor-made, individually made, configurable and unique-fit also exist.
I've just read this in a review: Thankfully, the energy efficient Qualcomm chip helped the handset reach a best-ever score of 17 hours and 30 minutes in our continuous video rundown test.

drug, sauce, tomato, mexican, spaghetti, gravy, carnival, prepares, barker, cartel
He opposes the use of drugs. He discourages against the use of drugs. He is critical of those who use drugs. He is an advocate of the War on Drugs.
To summarize: Urban dictionary is not very reliable. specifically, the example there of implying reverse psychology, is not defining, but rather a very incidental use.
Drug A is administered concurrently with or sequentially to Drug B. I want to say in a formal manner that Drug A and Drug B are administered either at the same time or at different times, but I don’t want to say whether A or B comes first.
I googled "Gravy Etymology" and found this link which says that "gravy is a subset of sauces made from meat essence" and it goes on to say that Italian-Americans use the word to refer to tomato-and-meat sauce.
[Gravy] is an Italian American invention. I also found at Serious Eats, Sunday gravy: anyone have a great recipe for it?
In the addictive drug context you mention, the phrase is "quit cold turkey. " It means to stop taking an addictive drug and to withstand the effects of drug withdrawal without the use of that drug or any other drug to treat or lessen the effects.
I recently came across a funny picture with these questions: Do you want som drugs? No Do you not want some drugs? Presumably the answear is supposed to be "no" since you always say no to drugs, but does not both these questions result in him saying no to drugs?
(See this website. In English it's usually an uncountable (mass) noun, with "piece of spaghetti" or "strand of spaghetti" used for the "singular", but in Italian spaghetti is plural (of "spaghetto"), and they freely use it as such.
I hope you understand. I think "Impressions of drug usage in developing countries" will be more apt. This means the impressions are about the drug usage in developing countries.
You're not "doing drugs" if Aderall is part of your medical treatment for ADHD. You might be described as "doing drugs" if you regularly take Aderall for recreational purposes.

cheese, salad, chef, cracker, cod, tuna, taker, cheddar, flavored, ner
Factoring Thulium, Practical Thulium, Applying Thulium, Thulium Applied, Thulium unlocked, Why Thulium, Why use Thulium?
You're wrong, so ner! I don't care what you think, so ner! I've got more candy than you. Wiktionary ner ner ner ner ner!
Let's say I am quoting the verse "Do you like cheese? " from the Book Of Cheese. Is it: As it is written, "Do you like cheese?
I tried to find this rule explicitly on several grammar sites, but did not find it. A "not only" sentence does not normally need a comma as the "not only" and "but also" are correlative pairs.
Cheddar is both the cheese, and the city where the recipe originates. Speaking of corn fritters, I've never met a fritter that wasn't made with cornmeal; I'm TOLD they exist...
Does pizza have mozzarella or Mozzarella on it? Is there a convention here, or is it a matter of taste? Does it depend on whether the word was originally a proper noun ("Cheddar"), a proper adjective ("Swiss"), or something else ("bleu")?
If it has to be one word, my vote goes to Applying Thulium and Enlisting Thulium But personally I don't see that the [blank]ing Thulium formulation is necessarily better than other constructions, such as Putting Thulium to Work The Benefits of Thulium The Thulium Supremacy Thulium?
Not only but also is a correlative conjunction. When you use this conjunction (regardless of its location), you do not use commas.
Wolfgang Puck is an example of a marquee chef. So is Emeril Lagasse. Advertising agencies talk about their marquee accounts.
Cheddar is a place in England. Cheddar makes cheese. It is therefore Cheddar cheese. Kentucky is a place in the US. Kentucky makes bourbon.

dirty, proportion, gin, olive, kin, spade, vodka, martini, kith, estonia
" A "very dirty" martini would, I'm guessing, contain a lot of brine. ) It can be garnished with an olive or a lemon twist.
Dirty refers to adding olive brine to a martini. I would presume that she considers adding all this extra olive flavour to be messing up a martini, or fucking it (as a shortening of "fucking up" or "fucking with").
Although frequently used incorrectly in English, the borrowed Italian word paparazzi should be used for a group, while paparazzo is one intrusive celebrity photographer.
"Time" and "tide" both mean "time" -- tide, in this sense, is archaic (compare to "Zeit" and "tijd" in German and Dutch).
Personally, I'd prefer Estonia's. Estonia's forests = forests of Estonia. More examples like that: Estonia’s government has collapsed...
I tried searching for a proper definition and it turns out there's not much supporting this definition. It may be a regionalism or it might be archaic.
You don't need the interposing comma. The Subaru commercials get this awkwardly wrong: It's what makes a Subaru, a Subaru.
The phrase does not just pertain to harming of reputation but any form of betrayal. The idiom is X did the dirty on Y So in your instance "She did the dirty on you" (8) is the correct choice.
If you are looking for a neutral term, "pornography addicted" will fit. If, on the other hand, you disapprove of that behavior and want to show your disapproval, you might say they have "dirty minds".
"I hate hard candy and olives. " When someone says that, does it mean they hate candy and olives that are both hard, or hard candy and non-hard olives?

clause, object, subject, preposition, head, complement, construction, gerund, tree, np
There are no parentheses here. Edit This should help: (S (NP (NP The dial) (PP of (NP (NP (NP Dudley 's) watch))) , (SBAR (WHNP which) (PP of (NP (NP (NP Dudley 's) watch) , (SBAR (WHNP which) (S (VP was (VP dangling (PP over (NP (NP the edge) (PP of (NP the sofa)))) (PP on (NP his fat wrist)))))))) ,)) (VP told (NP Harry) (SBAR [that] (S (NP he) (VP 'd (VP be (NP eleven) (PP in (NP (NP ten minutes ') time))))))) .
In the first sentence, 'what the teacher tought' is a noun clause. 'What was left in the pot' as used in the second sentence is a noun clause.
I haven't really used this form before, but I think possibly: (Sentence: He does more than necessary) (NP/N: He) (VP: does more than necessary) (V: does)(AdvP: more than necessary) (Adv: more)(Prep: than)(Adj: necessary) while: (Sentence: He does more than is necessary) (NP/N: He) (VP: does more than is necessary) (V: does)(AdvP: more than is necessary) (Adv: more)(Prep: than)(V: is)(Adj: necessary) Hope this helps.
In both sentences, going is a verb, the main verb in a verb phrase [going to the cinema]. Since there's more than one clause, this is a complex sentence.
An adverb is anything that answers the questions where, when, why, or how. An adjective gives more information about a noun.
It can be adjective or noun. Here, Dog = black [adjective ] 2) I will be a footballer. I = a footballer. That's why in the format of "X is Y", Y could be considered to be a noun or adjective.
In short, no, I don't think so. The basic structure is NP---------------------VP V------------NP Use a substitution test like He was something.
The Stanford parser gave the following output. I think the word "read" should be tagged with VBN (past participle). (ROOT (S (NP (PRP He)) (VP (VBD had) (S (NP (NNP Elizabeth)) (VP (VB read) (NP (DT the) (NN letter)) (ADVP (RB aloud))))) (. .
It's a noun clause. Some of the English words that introduce noun clauses are that, whether, who, why, whom, what, how, when, whoever, where, and whomever.
, which give me an unusual ... becomes workshops on ... , giving me an unusual ... In a comment, John Lawler wrote: Giving can't have I as its subject because its object is me; it would be myself if the subject were I.

trip, summer, journey, vacation, euro, brass, ripe, parting, cyber, volcano
So far so good and I agree. The Grammarist says I should use rife with rather than ripe with. But is there an exception for ripe with opportunity?
In cyber space you can do all kinds of cyber activity, including cyber crime, cyber bullying, cyber security, cyber auctions, cyber attacks, work at your cyber job, obey cyber law, bend to the whim of cyber police, enjoy a journey in cyberquest (jk), find a new job through cyber recruitment, avoid cyber terrorism, attend a cyber university, accumulate cyber wealth, all while making cyber friends.
I suggest you take the word jaunt and attach an adjective of your choosing to it. an invigorating jaunt a meditative jaunt a refreshing jaunt a mind-clearing jaunt a re-balancing jaunt a re-centering jaunt Jaunt, by itself, suggests a pleasurable walk or perambulation; by combining it with an adjective you conjoin pleasure with mental refreshment.
What is the difference between saying "during summer" and "during the summer"? As in: I work during the summer. I work during summer.
As noted in comments, a prepositional phrase using during can be used to modify a noun. The example used during the day to modify work used as the subject.
The meaning is that Bloomberg was off having fun somewhere while the city endured a miserable blizzard. A jaunt is A short trip or excursion, usually for pleasure; an outing.
The general convention for this is as follows: "this summer" means "the summer of this year". "Last summer" means "the summer of last year".
According to Oxford Learner's Dictionaries, both your phrases are right: opportunity (to do something) You'll have the opportunity to ask any questions at the end.
The following words and their plurals seem to be somewhat inconsistent: combo / combos concerto / concertos grotto / grottos / grottoes (?
Does it depend one he country how to say amounts in euros? 25. 90 twenty-five euro(s), ninety cents twenty-five euro(s), ninety centimes twenty-five euro(s), ninety and with no euro, .

eating, viz, append, cocaine, utensil, cutlery, housewares, escalator, mattress, silverware
It's a noun vs. adjective thing -- PRAWN in "pasta topped with prawns" is a noun; PRAWN in "prawn cocktail" is an adjective.
Not one word, but how about disposable dinnerware and flatware or disposable dinnerware and cutlery? Hence, it's not obvious one can do better than three words without inventing new words.
You already have the answer. I appended some text. Prepend: You prepend text before some other text. I prepended some text.
Mizzle is a dialect word for drizzle. Where and how often is it used? Please read the sentence I have found: There's mizzling and there's drizzle.
1) Is a pasta topped with actual calamari and prawns not a "calamari and prawns pasta" ? 2) Prawn is a noun and the plural is prawns right?
I polled my friends for what they call 'knives forks and spoons as a group'. Respondants were mostly US, with a few international.
It feels like "seldomly" could be a very useful word. For instance, I often get the urge to say "It is seldomly discussed that the world is a messed up place".
Scampi is the name of Nephrops norvegicus. In Britain, the fish labelling regulations state that these four names can be used for Nephrops norvegicus: Scampi, Dublin Bay prawns, Langoustine, and Norway lobster.
Ease: (7) to mitigate, lighten, or lessen; (8) to release from pressure, tension, or the like. Diminish: to make or cause to seem smaller, less, less important, etc.
The question tag for a verb phrase the starts off with an auxiliary verb followed by one or more other verbs is to invert that first auxiliary only and omit any other verbs.

god, belief, quot, proper, religious, church, capitalized, bible, court, christian
'All believers respect God' means that if someone is a believer, then he respects God. Here, the word 'all' is used for emphasis, and the shorter 'Believers respect God' means essentially the same thing.
Example questions: If we say Socrates, Hippocrates, etc, why dont we say Aristoteles? Why Aristotle? What is the overlap between Y and I?
I don't believe in any deities. Therefore I am an atheist. But if I were to just express that I don't believe in say Zeus, would it be correct to say "I am atheistic towards Zeus"?
Use this tag for questions about how to capitalize correctly, or questions about a specific instance of capitalization.
God (with a capital letter) refers to the creator or supreme being worshipped by adherents of monotheistic religions. A (lower-case) god refers to any of the gods worshipped by adherents of polytheistic religions; Zeus, Krishna, Tara, Ra, Nut, Persephone, Thor, Kwan Yin and so on and so forth.
I think this article from the About. As for usage of the examples in the question, I looked in the Corpus of Contemporary American English and here’s what I found.
Secular writing is not enjoined to follow the practice. Capitalization of "God" generally serves as a marker for the Judeo-Christian-Islamic deity.
Examples of questions using this tag are: What is the rule for adjective order? When is it appropriate to end a sentence in a preposition?
In English, you capitalize the word "god" if referring to a supreme being (regardless of personal belief). Muslims pray to God five times a day.
Does the word "bless" apply only to God? For example, can a human bless anything (such as "bless the day")? Or can only God bless?

fruit, skin, vegetable, outer, peel, unravel, rind, poincaré, irregardless, suppletive
Because the verb 'peel' is a negative connotation already, to have peel and unpeel exist is just redundant. So to prefix 'un' to 'peel' as its noun form makes perfect sense because you're explaining that you're removing the peel of a fruit or vegetable.
Pare [verb]: to cut off the outer layer of something, using a sharp knife Pare the rind from the fruit. Skin [noun]: the natural outer cover of some fruits and vegetables, the word also has many other meanings.
In my opinion, "fruit" has a plural form. When one uses "fruit", it means a single fruit like mango, orange, and so on.
And also which verb should we use for each thing? For example: banana peel vs banana skin vs banana rind Which one should we use for each thing?
Fewer vegetables and fruit. I'll assume you're using fruit in its more common, uncountable sense. Less fruit and vegetables.
As a noun, for external coverings of plants or animal parts (usually food), the three have their nuances: 'rind' is used more often for thicker or tougher things like citrus fruits and melons, and 'skin' or 'peel' for thinner things like apples, potatoes, or grapes.
A Google Ngram for these two words shows no instances of unpeel since 1800. It's probably a back-formation and, therefore, much newer than peel.
pare is much less used, but as broad as skin. So: peel is primarily used for fruits and vegetables (peel an apple), as well as clothing (in the sense of removing: to peel off one’s pullover); it can also refer to other coverings on the surface of things skin is mainly used for persons, animals (skin the cat!
Peel off the skins and thickly slice the potatoes. He scrambled down from the tree with such haste that he skinned his knees.
Check this dictionary: Fruit is usually uncountable: I love fruit. ✗Don’t say: I love fruits. • Fruit is used as a countable noun when talking about particular types of fruit: They grow mainly citrus fruits.

spice, latte, vitamin, chai, roe, thrives, moonshine, spiced, shipbuilding, tak
notwithstanding and in spite of call for a noun-phrase (e.g. whereas nevertheless calls for a predicate-phrase (e.g. though [it be]|although it is illegal).
If so, i have some sample lattes for you to try! The GuardianSep 24, 2018 the plural of latte is lattes As in Do you like latte?
The "chai tea" usage would be understood but frowned upon in India. (wiki) My opinion: Chai (tea) is nothing but rechristening of the Indian chai for the export market under the name of chai tea.
Chai, or its variants, are terms borrowed from various Asian languages, meaning "tea". Amer. N. orig. Compounds. at masala n.
Apparently there was a saying "they mak'em then tak'em" meaning they build (the ships) then steal from them. The mak'em bit stuck and so we are now known as 'makems' or so they say!!?
It's a pleonasm to me, an InE speaker. Other phrases that seem redundant because the foreign word means the same thing as the English word: •Gobi desert (Gobi means "desert" in Mongolian.
My uncle was from Sunderland and was clear that it was a reference to the difference in accent which differentiated a Tynesider from a Wearsider.
Spices are the something visible, spicy is where those things are used. Hotness is the effect of those things. and you know spices are always hot.
Many American English speakers understand chai to refer to a way of preparing tea, and for them it is natural to use chai adjectivally.
It may have been a derogatory term at first. As the people of Sunderland Mak or made the ships but all the money stayed in Newcastle!

house, level, small, big, building, ground, property, door, floor, flat
Emphasis and meaning (and 'literal' meaning? ) can be different. Let's say you have some goats. Some of them are big goats, and a minority the big goats are prickly goats -- they have wiry hair that pricks you if you touch them.
Other words that could be used here are proclivity and propensity. Proclivity: natural or habitual inclination or tendency; propensity; predisposition: a proclivity to meticulousness.
The terms are different even though they can be interchangeably used a lot. Floor is where you get off or live. Story is a measurement of height.
Normally there is a slight difference between the ground floor and the first floor depending on a commercial or residential building.
The first three levels top to bottom are: US: Third Floor Second Floor First Floor GB: Second Floor First Floor Ground Floor
or I want a big house. I want a big house, a house that is big enough for my family. or I want a big house—a house that is big enough for my family.
I have seen this practice used at universities. I've heard it called the first floor in areas where basements are uncommon.
Sounds like you might be confusing terminology a little though. Story, floor or level. A penthouse isn't the top floor or top storey in every building, only in residential/hotel buildings (and again, not all residential buildings have a penthouse).
NOOOOO! There is a clear difference! It has four stories but three floors. The floor above is 1st floor, second floor, third floor + the ground floor = three floors, yet four stories.
Predilection means tendency to favor, not just tendency: a tendency to think favorably of something in particular; partiality; preference: a predilection for Bach.

eat, morning, late, dinner, restaurant, tea, evening, meal, lunch, sunday
I've seen cases where a noon-time meal is referred to as dinner, and the evening meal is called supper. There's also lunch around noon followed by dinner in the evening.
The original meaning of dinner was a noon meal (the most significant meal of the day). In most dialects it now means the evening meal, but some folks still refer to the noon meal as dinner and the evening meal as supper.
You usually use the phrase 'one of my' when you have multiple favorites. For example: Assume I like 3 restaurants namely: Restaurant A, Restaurant B, Restaurant C.
I'm from New Zealand. I don't think "supper" is very common, but when I stayed in a hall of residence at university in 1996, they served "supper" at around 9pm.
Additionally, the name for some meals varies around the world. In the UK (and please, any English correct me if I have this wrong!
There is nothing called 'Sunday supper', (dinner has a higher register feel to it than supper). Anyway, that's only mainstream AmE/culture.
I grew up in the midwest—small town, rural area in the 1950's. The meal in the evening was always supper. The mid-day meal was either lunch (a light meal, maybe a sandwich and soup) or dinner (large, like Sunday Dinner or Thanksgiving dinner).
I have just had breakfast means that you finished eating breakfast only a short time ago. It is equivalent to saying I have just now had breakfast.
Lunch is usually a midday meal. I should point out, though, that in this day and age, especially for the yuppies, formal mealtimes may not be the norm.
is correct. ) "Having lunch" may be an occasion. "Let's have lunch. (I'm having lunch but I'm not eating it. " "Let's eat lunch" might be used when the food is "at hand" but no one is eating.

nut, bolt, wrench, ich, smash, suppress, fringe, probe, tighten, torque
It either has a scale (analog or digital) or a clutch that is set to release at a certain torque. A Wrench (spanner in BE) is to tighten or loosen a nut.
On the other hand, the noun "wrench" applies to things other than tools. See the Free dictionary definition of wrench. In my experience, which agrees with wikipedia "torque wrench" means a wrench which gives a controllable torque, either through measurement of the torque applied or due to a mechanism which prevents a torque greater than a given amount.
You are right that for is a coordinating conjunction, the first of the so-called FANBOYS. But you cannot move a coordinated clause (starting with a FANBOY) to the front of a sentence: I was hungry, so I ate.
I always thought that a spanner for tightening nuts was so called because the jaws of the spanner spanned the flat faces of the nut.
Given your example sentence, nuts and bolts is an idiom you could use. Nuts and bolts: The basic practical details Here are some examples of usage from Oxford Dictionaries Online: The nuts and bolts of making a movie...
trans. To overcome, put down, or subdue; to suppress; to check or put an end to; (spec. ) to overwhelm (a person) in a fight or battle.
' Good analysis on WP: [emphasis added] In British English, spanner is the standard term. ... (These pins or tabs fit into the holes or notches cut into the object to be turned.
Sorry - too long for a comment, but I couldn't resist adding the famous piece of English Language and Usage: In the nuts (unground) (other than ground-nuts) order, the expression `nuts' shall have reference to such nuts, other than ground-nuts, as would, but for this amending order, not qualify as nuts (unground) (other than ground-nuts) by reason of their being nuts (unground).
I would call those the nuts and bolts. Fig. the mundane workings of something; the basics of something. (See also get down to the nuts and bolts.
Extirpation (as answered by) many comes from the verb extripate meaning root out completely. The synonym closest is to eradicate.

standard, measure, weight, gold, precious, sensor, purity, glitter, ieee, regulator
The arity of a function or operation is the number of arguments or operands that the function takes. N-ary: Nullary means 0-ary.
This is quite different from the actual meaning. Am I missing something? Does "all" actually mean "not all" in this context?
There's essentially one word, with two meanings and two spellings. The Wikipedia sections Carat(purity)#Derivation and Carat(mass)#Etymology agree: once upon a time, carob seeds, because of their reputation for uniform weight, were used as measures of weight.
From what I could find, the PMBOK is an IEEE standard, but it cannot be said that “IEEE has a PMBOK”. A Google search for “IEEE's PMBOK”, “IEEE's Project Management Body of Knowledge”, “IEEE PMBOK” and “IEEE Project Management Body of Knowledge” all returned few (and irrelevant) hits.
There’s a dictionary saying heft means weight, but what does heft mean in the phrase of “weight and heft”? Is it "weight and weight"?
Can cloven be used in its verb form like the way broken or eaten is used? gets cloven to give rise to is cloven by Cleaved is a perfectly fine word in this context, but can cloven be used instead?
You can use multiple-arity if different numbers of arguments are accepted (e.g. a polymorphic function/method), or n-ary if you want to be indefinite about the arity.
This says the opposite. As stated, this line coopts the line from the scroll that appears in Merchant which shows that not everything that DOES glitter is gold.
No counting, no plural. Gold is a mass noun in this sense: ODO gold NOUN [MASS NOUN] 3 Coins or other articles made of gold Thus, linguistically, the word gold when used in the meaning of gold coins cannot be counted.
standardS) are used frequently. I suppose that the wording "standards" is correct, since it refers to a list of standards and not only one.

style, text, line, space, page, paragraph, document, sit, lay, html
Which is the correct way of separating two paragraphs? Vestibulum augue ligula, placerat eget orci dictum, blandit pharetra lectus.
What is a single word for a title and short paragraph? Phasellus sagittis dictum nisl. Duis ac dapibus diam. Maecenas porta non dolor in commodo.
The standard indicator of missing content is [... Phasellus condimentum commodo purus. Vestibulum eget adipiscing mi. Morbi in consequat urna.
Robert Bringhurst, in his seminal work The Elements of Typographic Style, has this to say: Set opening paragraphs flush left.
It means that XHTML is a subset of HTML. XHTML is the basis for a family of future document types, therefore: XHTML is in this family of documents these documents extend and subset HTML, therefore: XHTML subsets HTML, therefore: XHTML is a subset of HTML
If there is, what is it called? Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.
I'm working on a layout engine where I need to be able to do this, and I'd like to to be able to learn more about it if this is a thing.
There are two standard ways for paragraphing - either leave a line between paragraphs or indent the first line of each paragraph.
As a technical writer, I have written many documents. Not many document. I'm not sure if you mean to use document as a noun or a verb.
Quoted from http://xml-tips. assistprogramming. com/sgml-xml-html-xhtml-all-together. I understand subset here is a verb.

day, last, next, week, date, month, weekend, monday, th, tuesday
Which expression is better? Sorry to disturb you at the weekends. G. Sorry to disturb you on the weekend. F. Sorry to disturb you at the weekend.
Personally, I would not talk about the weekend of the 24th: S_M_T_W_Th_F_S 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 I would say the weekend of the 22nd or 23rd.
That is why Sat and Sun are collectively known as the "weekEND". The 29th and the 30th would be the "weekend". (2) The dates from 24 through 30 comprise the "week of the 24th".
E.g. (from freedictionary), "on the 10th proximo" (10th of coming month). There is a word for this — proximo, meaning "in or of the next (coming) month".
1) | day1(o) day2(x) | day3(o) day4(x) | day5(o) day6(x) | day7(o) day8(x) |... 2) | day1(x) day2(o) | day3(x) day4(o) | day5(x) day6(o) | day7(x) day8(o) |...
, i.e. every single day, not skipping any. , i.e. Every day means: day1, day2, day3, day4, day5, etc. Every other day means: day1, day3, day5, day7, etc.
For example, What was the number of people visited stackoverflow. 2 months ago is not the answer I am looking for. How can I say last last month?
For example, on Monday, October 11 and Wednesday, October 13, “next Tuesday” means October 19. Whereas on Monday, October 18, “next Tuesday” means October 26.
This is always a contentious issue and it does come down to personal preference. I would take 'last Monday' to mean the previous Monday.
You could say that his birthday falls on a Saturday. You could also say ALbert's birthday is next Saturday. It would be incorrect to say "on next Monday.

dream, wood, identity, tower, scared, chuck, nightmare, ivory, woodchuck, twister
I always like the old Wood Chuck. I am surprised that nobody said anything about it yet. He would chuck, he would, as much as he could, And chuck as much as a woodchuck would If a woodchuck could chuck wood.
" I am wondering if repetition, particularly of the word "wood", would display symbolism or any other kind of literary device.
Details: Woodchuck is used as an alternative name for groundhogs. (Can they? )) of Cree (Algonquian) otchek or Ojibwa otchig, "marten," the name subsequently transferred to the groundhog.
"Strongly" is okay in this sentence. To help clarify: It had a [strongly Protestant and unionist] identity. "Strongly" is modifying "Protestant and unionist" to compare it against a mildly Protestant/union identity.
What is the difference between the usage of dream of and dream about? For example, I dream of becoming a doctor. I dream about becoming a doctor.
The tongue twister came from a 1902 song 'The Woodchuck Song' by Robert Howard Davis. From this, Richard Thomas, fish and wildlife technician for the State Department of Environmental Conservation, extrapolated that a woodchuck could chuck "about 700 pounds on a good day with the wind at his back.
References: https://www. There was an old game that held a similar riddle: https://lparchive. Would being the conditional tense of will.
"Sleek" is a term used in polishing that means: Sleek - A polishing scratch having no visible conchoidal breaking of the edges.
And the cycle repeats once more. What's this phenomenon called? I don't know if anyone of you have these kind of dreams before; I'm dreaming then suddenly I dream that I wake up from that dream.
When we refer to the most negative dream, we say it as worst nightmare. Is it right to use a negative adjective (worst) in its superlative form to describe the level of the negative term?

hour, night, coin, pm, friday, midnight, noon, post, ante, compressed
He slept very well for the first two nights, but on the third night, he did not. Can I say “in the first two nights”, “during the first two nights” or “on the first two nights” instead of “for the first two nights” in the sentence above?
You should use bottommost and topmost. The postfix "most" shows physical position. Use the postfix "most" with adjectives that compare three or more things.
"noon" is the term for the middle of the day, round about 12. 00 to 13. 00, and "midnight" is from 24. 00 to 1. 00, at night.
By most definitions, the date changes at midnight. That is, at the precise stroke of 12:00:00. However, for convenience, most people lump the 12:00:00 time with its nearest neighbour, 12:00:01, which IS AM or PM.
If you look at most writing and scientific guides, there is no such thing as 12 a.m. or 12 p.m. It's technically neither.
12pm would be noon, i.e. that same day. That leaves 12:00 a.m. to denote noon. is after noon, it is common to extend this usage for 12:00 p.m.
Sometimes I adjective my verbs (as opposed to verbing my nouns), making up a new word in the process: Friday nights are unwindy nights (unwindy night ~= night for unwinding) If I do this, is there any case for "dangling" the y off of the end of the verb like so: Friday nights are unwind-y nights or is that more confusing?
The Passed hours is more specific than the Past hours, because all hours in the past are the Past hours. But the Passed hours are the hours in question: the hours spent waiting.
An alternative from The Guardian Style Guide: times 1am, 6. 47, 23. 59; noon, midnight, not 12 noon, 12 midnight; 30pm, etc; 10 o'clock last night but 10pm yesterday; half past two, a quarter to three, 10 to 11, etc; for 24-hour clock, 00.
He slept very well for the first two nights, but on the third night, he did not. He slept very well in the first two nights, but on the third night, he did not.

crisp, carroll, mist, alumnus, burial, wonderland, tot, subtract, shroud, sundae
A glade is a treeless area in a forest. A "glade in the mist" would be a treeless area in a forest that is in the mist.
The difference is largely one of connotation. Because of this association, when you say that something is shrouded with or shrouded in, it connotes an atmosphere of mystery, gloom, or the numinous.
Not quite, apart from in the specific phrase “curiouser and curiouser”, taken from Alice in Wonderland. Lewis Carroll was playing with language there.
you can use misty water for that!! mist•y (ˈmɪs ti) adj. mist•i•er, mist•i•est. covered or obscured by mist. consisting of or resembling mist.
Yes, an apple can be crispy. ' https://www. collinsdictionary. ' Crispy Apples  The Crispness Factor for Rosh Hashanah and ' I am munching on this crispy apple.
I read an article recently where the author used "substract" instead of "subtract". I'm more familiar with the latter word but after doing a bit of googling, it seems that both words are being used, although "subtract" seems more mainstream than the other.
When defining a date, should I use on, upon or when, or can I leave these words out? For example, can I say: The date the company allots the securities is known as the Despatch Date.
Choose any of the terms alumnus, dropout, former student, attendee depending on what slant or emphasis you wish to achieve.
If you wish to avoid ambiguity, dropout would be the better choice. Alternatively, you could describe the personal circumstances of academic failure in more detail.
The plural form is alumni (to mean "old students"). Unlike the usage "Class of 2010", the words Alumni/Alumnus simply mean old students of/old student of, without making any reference to the year of graduation.

