camera, photo, would, one, like, get, take, time, good, picture
If the answer is yes, then it's probably worth quite a bit of money (and in fact, I'd suggest starting beyond so-called "entry level" cameras).
I have observed the following when attending first meetings as a professional retoucher: Clients like to talk about their Company, their vision, their pain-points and what they need from a photographer/Photo Retoucher.

flash, camera, shutter, speed, mode, use, exposure, light, manual, set
If you use the add-on 622 TTL/HSS triggers, you'll have full TTL/HSS/power control over the new TTL speedlight, but you lose power control over the YN-560IV (which can only be power-controlled from a YN-560-TX).
Keep in mind that radio triggers, like optical systems and sync cables, also come in manual-only and TTL/HSS/remote-power control flavors.

radiation, temp, mr, dose, rggb, rfusca, encounter, radioactive, ionizing, sick
The lowest dose of possibly cancer-causing ionizing radiation is 10,000 times more, and the lowest possibly deadly dose of ionizing radiation is about 2 million times more, than the amount of radiation you get off of a radioactive lens at its surface.
I read that lens makers used to use radioactive glass to increase the refractive index property of their lenses.

color, print, paper, profile, printer, negative, printing, space, colour, srgb
Inkjet printers are made for printing photos (Not as good quality as a photo printer, but they can still print photos).
I assume I also need a paper trimmer, but should I use A4 paper? If I use A4 paper, do I need to make 2 cuts?

cz, skinned, seagull, cbr, miksang, use, photography, lens, camera, one
What is Miksang photography? Does Miksang photography have any grounding in art history?
Phenomenology is about learning to see through our eyes rather than through our thoughts, as is Miksang.

canon, eos, ii, mark, model, iii, rebel, camera, digital, fuji
I put together a translation table in this answer: EOS 1100D = EOS Rebel T3 = EOS Kiss X50 EOS 1000D = EOS Rebel XS = EOS Kiss F EOS 650D = EOS Rebel.
Canon have different names for cameras in different parts of the world, so let's start with a translation table for those: EOS 1100D = EOS Rebel T3 = EOS Kiss X50 EOS 1000D = EOS Rebel XS = EOS Kiss F EOS 600D = EOS Rebel.

light, image, exposure, color, camera, iso, white, noise, one, use
The only way to avoid overexposure messing with your colours is to set the histogram to show all three colour channels (red, green and blue) and to check that none of the graphs is bunched up at the right-hand side, which would indicate a colour maxing out.
Thus, even though the R and B channels always are fully recoverable by drastically changing white balance or color settings (which may not be desirable), they may still appear clipped in the final result (appearing as so-called "nuclear colors").

solstice, yay, lens, camera, mm, canon, photo, time, get, would
So lots of Golden Hour shooting time (yay! From that point until the solstice, the minimum height of the sun above the horizon increases from day to day, then it decreases again until the sun finally dips below the horizon some days or weeks after the solstice).
Yay for the 350D! It works very nicely for pictures of your children. I can't help but mention that you really should check out a fixed 50mm lens.

content, fill, warp, warping, istock, addon, refinement, hawk, kite, intriguing
One way would be to use the content aware tools such as content aware fill. Increase your canvas size, select the new area with a selection tool, and Edit> Fill> Content Aware Fill.
Content-Aware In this particular case, I would expect excellent results from the fill with content aware.

lens, mm, sensor, focal, length, image, distance, camera, field, size
Such a depth-of-filed table works out to: Distant point in sharp focus 30 1/2 feet -- near point in sharp focus 6 feet.
With constant aperture zoom lenses the increase in magnification between the location of the physical aperture diaphragm and the front of the lens is enough to enlarge the size of the entrance pupil and maintain the f-number ratio.

battery, charge, cell, capacity, charger, life, aa, cycle, charged, charging
They have a low discharge rate when not in use and seem to have a longer lifespan than the other rechargeable batteries I have.
And a 3 year shelf life to 70% capacity. LSD capacity is about 2000 mAh compared to about 2600 mAh from the top reputable AA NimH standard cells.

lens, mm, image, like, filter, layer, would, use, canon, photo
5x magnification is too close. This might be more suitable if you are mostly hand-holding, and will give you more versatility for larger insects for which 2.
I'm curious how a bump can affect AF in the body itself. This is less a 'what do I do here' question than a 'how does autofocus work, exactly, inside' type of question.

float, int, startup, lytro, cleanup, shutdown, unsigned, trey, char, surrealistic
Here's the C struct from a 2003 CodeProject: typedef struct tag_ExifInfo { char Version [5]; char CameraMake [32]; char CameraModel [40]; char DateTime [20]; int Height, Width; int Orientation; int IsColor; int Process; int FlashUsed; ...
LFR --focus FLOAT into the command line. I have Lytro Power Tools installed using the manual.

gel, cto, velcro, light, use, flash, lens, photo, get, mm
I only use about three gels (CTO and 1/2 CTO mainly, occasional fluoro) which I keep - plus a spare of each - in an envelope, with velcro dots already attached; I have velcro felt on the sides of my flashgun.
Are all CTO gels and gels of a color, like red, rated to give the same color? What makes a gel (or gel set) good and bad?

eclipse, pad, swab, adhesive, gently, fluid, risky, pec, nervous, wand
Too much fluid on the swabs can cause more problems than the dust the swabs are made to remove.
I suggest you get a kit that includes the basic rubber wand, fluid and pec pads, then replace the fluid and pads as they run out.

file, image, raw, lightroom, photo, jpeg, use, photoshop, software, data
When we want additional editing in the future, we DISCARD that first expendable JPG output copy, and we edit our list of changes, and then we OUTPUT a new JPG copy for whatever other purposes, which replaces the first expendable JPG copy.
Catalog on external drive (or two computers sharing images) If you want to have a selection of images available for editing when disconnected, then you should take advantage of LR's 'Export as Catalog' function.

bull, ctein, lens, photo, aperture, mm, one, light, like, take
And in the two years since this question was asked and Ctein did his print sale, mirrorless cameras have only gotten better.
Ctein (who has multiple decades of experience and is a master printmaker) has written that ti's all bull.

ycbcr, col, bespoke, image, lens, use, would, color, filter, may
I am curious about the YCbCr color model for representing grayscale images. Can someone provide a detailed explanation of how image data is encoded as YCbCr and what additional capabilities it may offer over other encoding formats?
But now as some new requirement, I need to store the final output file in YUV/YCbCr format.

avisynth, camera, light, lens, image, one, use, need, canon, get
Is AVISynth easy to learn? This sounds like a job for AVISynth (or the Linux alternative AVXSynth).
The MVTools plugin for AVISynth performs frame interpolation. AviSynth (sourceforge) is a script based video editing tool.

lens, mm, camera, get, image, one, good, would, focus, canon
5x magnification is too close. This might be more suitable if you are mostly hand-holding, and will give you more versatility for larger insects for which 2.
I'm curious how a bump can affect AF in the body itself. This is less a 'what do I do here' question than a 'how does autofocus work, exactly, inside' type of question.

interpolation, dispersion, digic, inc, sraw, fluorite, ud, mraw, chrominance, avenue
Evidently sRaw is a 2 x 2 aggregation but with some chrominance subsampling; mRaw is likely a bona fide resampling (involving local interpolation), with heavier chrominance subsampling.
It is the default interpolation. AHD interpolation is the Adaptive Homogeneity-Directed interpolation.

filter, light, lens, glass, nd, front, element, reflection, stop, uv
You can also use two polarising filters to get the same effect as a variable neutral density filter, only that the light gets polarised also.
Purple is the welders glass remember welders glass is specially designed to protect our eyes not reduce light transmission as is a nd filter, and is also often seen when stacking cheap nd filters bought from ebay and the like as well.

street, bresson, cartier, henri, lens, mm, angle, get, like, lot
I like street photography a lot and therefore Henri Cartier-Bresson is my hero.
"Henri Cartier-Bresson: The Man, The Image & The World" is a great book. Another book to consider is "Henri Cartier-Bresson: The Modern Century" which was printed to accompany the MoMA exhibit by the same name.

tripod, head, camera, use, right, release, mount, weight, one, need
S Sunwayphoto clamps have an adjustment for exactly this reason. All SUNWAYFOTO Lever-Release clamps are user-adjustable, can fit plates from different manufacturers as RRS,Markins, Arca-swiss, Acratech etc.
However, some heads have more knobs, for example Sirui G-10KX has four - pan locking, main locking, friction and plate locking.

index, disk, ricoh, shell, activate, dn, adox, bk, fw, diskutil
I can't remember where I got this script from, but here is what I use: try do shell script "DISKS=($(diskutil list | grep ^\\/)) for ((index=0 ; index  ${#DISKS[*]} ; index++ )) ...
Ricoh Theta S is the upgraded version of Ricoh Theta which was mentioned by szulat.

positive, john, copper, gelatine, emsp, doe, joseph, presumed, chloride, sir
Your example is in fact worse than you realize: the rule keywords contain words John Doe will find photos with the keyword John Irvin Doe, John Joseph Doe, John Doe, as well as partial matches like Jane Doe and John Smith.
I now have it set up like this: Smart collection: John Doe Keywords contain words John Doe Smart collection: John Irvin Doe Keywords contain words John Irvin Doe Smart collection: John Joseph Doe Keywords contain words John Joseph Doe This works fine for Irvin and Joseph, but "John Doe" will then work as a container matching all of them.

compact, powershot, sx, h, canon, ixus, camera, elph, rome, model
The CHDK (Canon Hack Development Kit) adds RAW capabilities to Canon powershot digital cameras, according to the FAQ: It is likely that any Canon Powershot based on the DIGIC II, DIGIC III or DIGIC 4 platforms can be supported.
You can see that Canon PowerShot ELPH 320 HS (IXUS 240 HS) and Canon PowerShot A2300 are both listed as 5x cameras but the focal length of the earlier model is 24 – 120 mm whereas the later is 28 – 140 mm.

card, sd, cf, camera, reader, write, adapter, computer, speed, dsc
I have an SD and a CF card in my camera. Once the CF card is full, it switches to the SD card.
A 32 GB SD Card can drain a camera battery much faster than a 8 GB SD Card?) May I know if a Class 10 SD card can drain a camera battery much faster than a Class 4 SD card?

dxo, fungus, fm, growth, spore, zeiss, benchmark, fungal, ze, slrgear
Fungus spores are already everywhere, so your DSLR and its lenses are already infected (and probably were since construction).
Fungal spores are everywhere. It's true that an active fungal growth gives off more spores, so it's good to keep equipment you know is affected in quarantine.

flash, shot, lens, get, different, shutter, camera, light, try, take
5x magnification is too close. This might be more suitable if you are mostly hand-holding, and will give you more versatility for larger insects for which 2.
I'm curious how a bump can affect AF in the body itself. This is less a 'what do I do here' question than a 'how does autofocus work, exactly, inside' type of question.

mini, instax, aurora, asset, warmth, motorcycle, borealis, spectrum, latex, cooler
However, Instax mini seems to be much more popular than the Instax wide format.
I'm Googling around for an Instax Mini 25 unit, but I keep getting conflicting results.

hood, shape, bokeh, corner, vignetting, flower, edge, blade, round, nbsp
Now imagine placing a round lens hood atop that pyramid - there will be a large gap on each side, because the corners bump into the round opening first.
I have one lens hood for a 28-105mm lens that is petal shaped. If the purpose of the lens hood is to block stray light, then wouldn't fully round always block more?

pixel, image, resolution, size, quality, mp, screen, detail, print, per
For 4500x3000 pixels, the print size depends on the dpi printed... If printed scaled to 12x8 inches even, then 375 dpi.
To print 10 inches at 300 dpi needs 3000 pixels of image dimension. Screens are different sizes too, but you have to determine how large you want to see the image.

th, st, factory, urban, july, mar, cement, ny, kingston, day
1/8000th on a 1/250th sync speed camera still takes 1/500th of a second to happen...
Some with even shorter flash durations up to 1/224,000th of a second. Perfectly synced with actual shutter speeds up to 1/40,000th of a second.

image, lens, light, sensor, point, camera, subject, focus, get, distance
5x magnification is too close. This might be more suitable if you are mostly hand-holding, and will give you more versatility for larger insects for which 2.
I'm curious how a bump can affect AF in the body itself. This is less a 'what do I do here' question than a 'how does autofocus work, exactly, inside' type of question.

electronic, food, dog, candle, crowd, signature, cake, bowl, heading, speaker
Put a spoon or something in the bowl, your chocolate looks hard a spoon sunk in the chocolate would make it look like a liquid, a spoon in the process of sinking would make it look soft and fluid.
For bowl of cooked vegetables, a better POV will be from slight up the walls of the bowl.

lens, mm, focus, camera, af, aperture, zoom, nikon, body, use
If you mean less chromatic aberration, better sharpness, better contrast, less distortion, then maybe a lens upgrade can help you.
For normal purpose you need the 35mm on DX (a good lens anyway for 200 $), the 50mm you can use for portraits.

lens, get, image, mm, camera, one, photo, good, time, use
5x magnification is too close. This might be more suitable if you are mostly hand-holding, and will give you more versatility for larger insects for which 2.
I'm curious how a bump can affect AF in the body itself. This is less a 'what do I do here' question than a 'how does autofocus work, exactly, inside' type of question.

http, com, www, amp, site, photo, link, page, html, review
You'll find tons of different kinds of setups if you look for "product photography" setups.
The specific photograph you're referring to is http://photoarts.com/.... A site with his work is here: http://photoarts.com/...

bird, wildlife, animal, hd, gopro, flight, underwater, fly, housing, hero
Scuba underwater photography: GoPro vs DSLR + Housing Why do GoPro cameras perform poorly for underwater photography?
How do I take photos of birds inside cages (as shown in the picture below) and have it appear that there is no cage at the front, which blocks the bird.

droid, g, lens, camera, image, get, would, body, light, also
Droid X has the best camera in my opinion. I have a Droid X, I might be a skilled photographer, compared the image I got with my Droid X.
What are the best photo editing applications for an Android camera phone such as the Nexus One, Droid, Droid Incredible, HTC Evo, etc.?

gaussian, heif, smoothly, smoothed, taper, hevc, hexagon, christian, examines, gesture
It doesn't taper smoothly from the center to the edge like a Gaussian does. A bright point that's smoothed by a Gaussian will taper smoothly from a bright center to a dark edge.
Gaussian blur refers to a post-processing effect where parts of an image are intentionally blurred with a two-dimensional Gaussian function.

star, grip, transformation, pi, diamond, co, blob, array, sin, celestial
I'd already done this assuming a linear transformation: (* convert RA/DEC to xyz coords on celestial psuedo-sphere of radius 1 *).
I used a perspective transformation on an image in GIMP, but not before I forgot to record the transformation matrix it used.

windmill, card, image, camera, photo, one, get, like, picture, lens
What is going on with the left most windmill? Ok, check this shot out: These are the 3 windmills in Marshfield Massachusetts.
If you push it enough you'll also get "halos" around the windmill silhouettes. So the border between the dark hillside and the brighter sky is emphasized by the use of the dehazing tool.

file, lens, camera, raw, one, image, would, new, photo, length
5x magnification is too close. This might be more suitable if you are mostly hand-holding, and will give you more versatility for larger insects for which 2.
I'm curious how a bump can affect AF in the body itself. This is less a 'what do I do here' question than a 'how does autofocus work, exactly, inside' type of question.

camera, lens, get, photo, light, flash, use, make, need, good
5x magnification is too close. This might be more suitable if you are mostly hand-holding, and will give you more versatility for larger insects for which 2.
I'm curious how a bump can affect AF in the body itself. This is less a 'what do I do here' question than a 'how does autofocus work, exactly, inside' type of question.

image, photo, exif, file, data, number, tag, date, metadata, use
Second, the first line needs to needs to have column headers indicating the Tags you want to import.
GPX file or anything else that will let me use my usual tools (Geosetter or Photo Mechanic) to geotag the images, but I do have a CSV file of the image filenames and their lat/longs.

lens, camera, mm, light, would, use, one, aperture, focus, like
5x magnification is too close. This might be more suitable if you are mostly hand-holding, and will give you more versatility for larger insects for which 2.
I'm curious how a bump can affect AF in the body itself. This is less a 'what do I do here' question than a 'how does autofocus work, exactly, inside' type of question.

usb, bandwidth, mbps, firewire, requesting, emulating, utilizes, dmii, pci, fw
In USB, there's no guaranteed bandwidth available. Emulating Firewire over USB is quite difficult, as technology is so different.
USB 2. 5 Mbps. Now, this is theoretical, because every USB or Firewire device connnected utilizes bandwidth.

lens, camera, get, want, image, may, one, use, would, need
5x magnification is too close. This might be more suitable if you are mostly hand-holding, and will give you more versatility for larger insects for which 2.
I'm curious how a bump can affect AF in the body itself. This is less a 'what do I do here' question than a 'how does autofocus work, exactly, inside' type of question.

display, monitor, device, screen, calibration, pro, hardware, calibrated, calibrate, software
The NEC MDSVSensor3 is the same colorimeter as the X1 i1 Display Pro. It is modified to work only on NEC wide gamut monitors.
There are many solutions for monitors (as Datacolor Spyder, X-Rite i1 Display Pro, X-Rite ColorMunki) and paper printers (as Datacolor SpyderPRINT), but what hardware is needed to take color profiles for canvas printers?

oriented, spiral, cotton, polish, dip, bud, bread, emailed, rubbed, gmail
When you have rotated the cotton bud once discard it so that you don't re-use the dirty portion of the cotton bud.
You will have to use several cotton buds. Cotton buds (those intended for babies) are best.

sun, hour, sunset, horizon, texture, rise, cube, astronomical, sky, twilight
The sun will rise in the northeast and set in the northwest. Two hours for the sun to go from 6 degrees below the horizon to the horizon.
This would probably be a time when the sky is not overcast and the sun is behind you, such as in the hour after sunrise or the hour before sunset.

hat, cursor, staged, mirage, mountable, avchd, usefilm, vhd, staging, humongous
In the case of Fata Morgana, there can be several inferior mirages, and superior reflections of those inferior mirages (creating the stacked mirages).
Or, there is a low-vision mode which makes the cursor humongous. This is just a guess, but the cursor is often shoveled in by the hardware.

signal, rate, frequency, pattern, wave, sampling, aliasing, hz, discrete, alias
Aliasing is result of sampling, taking discrete samples or readings of a signal, at a low enough frequency that the frequencies in the input signal are confused for other frequencies, such that they cannot be distinguished from each other.
The top plot in the figure below shows a 1Hz sine wave sampled at the Nyquist rate, which for this sine wave is 2Hz.

authenticity, spanish, fractionally, widen, greenness, var_max, purity, camera, range, lens
So this is like most digital security issues, it will prove authenticity or monumental effort to circumvent it ;)
If this is not possible, how does a photojournalist prove the authenticity of an original image?

wps, blouse, camera, lens, use, one, image, mode, like, photo
Then press WPS button on the camera. The camera uses WPS for WiFi security. Here's a page from user manual explaining how to press WPS button in camera settings.
I've realised, indeed, that I can't use WPS the first time I establish the connection!

gt, lt, cat, asa, echo, tif, script, li, insect, txt
@echo ----------------------------------------------------- @echo Generating Face_3 LEFT @echo p f0 w1500 h1500 v100 script.
@echo ----------------------------------------------------- @echo Generating Face_3 LEFT @echo p f0 w1500 h1500 v100 script.

chimp, camera, flash, use, lens, nikon, canon, one, take, photo
All this talk of chimps and keepers makes me sound like I work at the zoo. With digital, a quick chimp at the histogram and blown highlight warnings, adjust, and you're ready to go.
Chimp then say "Wow, that is great, you look amazing!". Always smile when you chimp even if you don't mean it because your subject will be watching you.

lens, aperture, mm, camera, shutter, element, would, go, one, battery
5x magnification is too close. This might be more suitable if you are mostly hand-holding, and will give you more versatility for larger insects for which 2.
I'm curious how a bump can affect AF in the body itself. This is less a 'what do I do here' question than a 'how does autofocus work, exactly, inside' type of question.

face, lighting, rembrandt, xqd, compactflash, comic, chiaroscuro, distinguishes, gbps, pci
Short Lighting Example: Broad lighting can add weight to a thin face, but it does this by 'adding' roundness/thickness to the face, so it is not a good style of lighting to use with bigger subjects.
It can be done in broad lighting and more rarely in short lighting. Here is a summary of the main lighting schemes: paramount, rembrandt, split, etc.

container, hunting, associate, duck, synonym, fishing, infer, trait, swimming, fungi
Owls Horned ... Most of my subject-related tags are therefor plural. Containers of Subjects with Traits Personally, I use the container approach...
I keep my mixed chemistry in transparent containers in a cardboard box. Keep it in a dark place: the transparency or otherwise of the container then does not matter.

beam, electron, retro, styling, nod, labelling, ebc, moniker, luminous, walked
For the uninitiated, it stands for “Super Electron Beam Coating” – a moniker devised in the days when men walked on the moon and words like “electron” and “beam” conjured up visions of a Jetson-like futurama.
The AF-Beam is is used while the camera focuses but before it meters. In any type of Continuous AF this is not usually the case, so , the AF-beam must be turned off.

picasaweb, image, camera, lens, would, take, one, focus, shot, photography
I've used PicasaWeb in the past and found it to be quite good. There are also controls to restrict who can see the photos.
These are also available on Flickr and PicasaWeb. PicasaWeb provides great value for money with large capacity for little money.

camera, use, photo, get, would, shutter, one, iso, image, like
5x magnification is too close. This might be more suitable if you are mostly hand-holding, and will give you more versatility for larger insects for which 2.
I'm curious how a bump can affect AF in the body itself. This is less a 'what do I do here' question than a 'how does autofocus work, exactly, inside' type of question.

picture, would, need, camera, get, lens, take, image, like, shot
5x magnification is too close. This might be more suitable if you are mostly hand-holding, and will give you more versatility for larger insects for which 2.
I'm curious how a bump can affect AF in the body itself. This is less a 'what do I do here' question than a 'how does autofocus work, exactly, inside' type of question.

bpc, xps, bit, image, file, one, also, mm, channel, light
You can also obviously use 10-bpc displays with 8-bpc or 16-bpc printers.
So here are my questions: Are there any printshops you can provide 10bpc files?

pack, lp, rated, supplied, oem, bp, generic, camcorder, compatible, eh
Note that there is no optional battery pack for the LP-E6 at the moment.
The BP-511A is rated at 1390mAh. My experience with Sterling Tek BP-511A compatible batteries rated at 2200mAH was that they did indeed last longer than the OEM BP-511A supplied by Canon with the camera.

heated, wr, steam, arctic, coast, supreme, ocean, skiing, pacific, sauna
It extends from the Pacific to the Atlantic, all the way north into the Arctic Ocean.
Taking photographic equipment into a heated sauna, steam or no steam, is not advisable.

camera, get, lens, using, photo, one, picture, film, use, also
5x magnification is too close. This might be more suitable if you are mostly hand-holding, and will give you more versatility for larger insects for which 2.
I'm curious how a bump can affect AF in the body itself. This is less a 'what do I do here' question than a 'how does autofocus work, exactly, inside' type of question.

image, iso, camera, lens, one, use, light, flash, get, aperture
5x magnification is too close. This might be more suitable if you are mostly hand-holding, and will give you more versatility for larger insects for which 2.
I'm curious how a bump can affect AF in the body itself. This is less a 'what do I do here' question than a 'how does autofocus work, exactly, inside' type of question.

deviantart, ezprints, rafter, rochester, rafting, mm, lens, camera, image, good
More importantly, what if the photos include commercial rafting companies? Are there any legal issues involved with going to a public river and taking pictures of white water rafters coming down the river?
How exactly are you planning on selling the photos to the rafters?

camera, lens, light, get, image, shot, much, like, mm, one
5x magnification is too close. This might be more suitable if you are mostly hand-holding, and will give you more versatility for larger insects for which 2.
I'm curious how a bump can affect AF in the body itself. This is less a 'what do I do here' question than a 'how does autofocus work, exactly, inside' type of question.

lens, dust, sensor, clean, cleaning, spot, remove, contact, use, cloth
It has a small bottle of alcohol lens cleaner, but I'm not sure how to use it, should I apply it directly to the lens, or onto a cloth or tissue?
Lens cleaning tools are a blower, a microfiber cloth, and lens cleaning fluid. Try to blow up dust off the lens with the blower or canned air.

lens, use, get, shot, camera, one, canon, picture, see, pentax
5x magnification is too close. This might be more suitable if you are mostly hand-holding, and will give you more versatility for larger insects for which 2.
I'm curious how a bump can affect AF in the body itself. This is less a 'what do I do here' question than a 'how does autofocus work, exactly, inside' type of question.

temperature, water, weather, camera, bag, lens, air, inside, cold, plastic
Moving a warm camera into colder air is not a problem, but moving a cold camera into warm air will cause condensation.
Let the lens get down to the outside temperature. Just remember to put the lens back in the bag when you go back into the heated area, to prevent the warm wet air inside the house from condensing on the cold lens.

