eve, charlie, ashley, laura, westlaw, lexisnexis, ebay, law, carer, court
But what about if Eve tries to defraud Charlie? However, Eve is not a seller at eBay.
To answer your question directly: the websites you've listed are appropriate, I personally use westlaw for most of my legal research but lexisnexis is equally as fine.
But there probably are plenty of people named Laura Ashley. Laura Ashley is a UK furniture and fashion company named after its founder.
The only reason he shot Charlie was because it was obvious to him the officer wanted to shoot Charlie.
You do have a bigger legal budget than Laura Ashley, right? You are probably not infringing their trademark.
This means that Charlie will die in the hospital. My question is: if a nurse/doctor inside the hospital where Charlie is staying aids the parents in getting Charlie out of the hospital regardless of the court decisions, what would be the consequences for the nurse/doctor?
Alice's children are Bob, Carol, Dorothy and Eve. Lost goodwill for Eve's business as customers desert her?
ebay. Appears to be legal; many people sell antique Indian currency or currency with special numbers on eBay: http://www.
1Professional carer's will just have to deal with Alice's desire for only Eve to help her.
I see nothing on Westlaw. Assume I got just online access to LexisNexis and Westlaw UK.

law, state, court, would, case, government, right, federal, act, united
In Dudum vs Arntz (2011) the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the use of restricted IRV in elections for various offices in the city of San Francisco, Mayor, Sheriff, District Attorney, City Attorney, Treasurer, Assessor-Recorder, Public Defender, and members of the Board of Supervisors.
In that text, (emphasis mine) there are, by necessity, two Parliaments discussed and accordingly it's always made very clear which one is being talked about: An Act to give effect to a request by the Senate and House of Commons of Canada Whereas Canada has requested and consented to the enactment of an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom to give effect to the provisions hereinafter set forth and the Senate and the House of Commons of Canada in Parliament assembled have submitted an address to Her Majesty requesting that Her Majesty may graciously be pleased to cause a Bill to be laid before the Parliament of the United Kingdom for that Purpose.
The judicial power shall extend to all cases, in law and equity, arising under this Constitution, the laws of the United States, and treaties made, or which shall be made, under their authority;--to all cases affecting ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls;--to all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction;--to controversies to which the United States shall be a party;--to controversies between two or more states;--between a state and citizens of another state;--between citizens of different states;--between citizens of the same state claiming lands under grants of different states, and between a state, or the citizens thereof, and foreign states, citizens or subjects.
These exceptions are authorized by section 101 of the Constitution Act, 1867 which gives Parliament the ability to set up federal courts by ordinary statute: The Parliament of Canada may, notwithstanding anything in this Act, from Time to Time provide for the Constitution, Maintenance, and Organization of a General Court of Appeal for Canada, and for the Establishment of any additional Courts for the better Administration of the Laws of Canada.
Martinez, where a UC anti-discrimination requirement was objected to on First Amendment grounds, and the court rejected that argument, finding that "The all-comers policy is a reasonable, viewpoint-neutral condition on access to the RSO forum; it therefore does not transgress First Amendment limitations" – the court found the university's policy to be rational, indeed "creditworthy".
By analogy, when a state legislature fails to adopt a redistricting plan that complies with the constitution, which is normally a political question, this failure to act allows a federal court to craft a redistricting plan as a remedy for the failure of the legislature to act, in order to protect the constitutional rights of voters and candidates in future elections, even though no express language of the constitution or statute addresses the remedy when a state legislature fails to pass a redistricting plan.
When Vermont was admitted to the Union in 1791, the 1786 "Constitution of the State of Vermont" continued in effect and the man who had begun a one-year term of office as "governor of the state of Vermont" in October 1790, succeeding the previous "governor of the state of Vermont", continued his one-year term of office uninterrupted, as did all other officers of the state.
However, the ICIG letter also notes that the Director of National Intelligence has responsibility and authority pursuant to federal law and Executive Orders to administer and operate programs and activities related to potential foreign interference in a United States election Additionally, Executive Order 13848, Imposing Certain Sanctions in the Event of Foreign Influence in a United States Election declares that the ability of persons ...
The Court of Justice found that this was indeed possible by emphasising the distinction between direct applicability and direct effect: [B]y virtue of the provisions of Article [288] regulations are directly applicable and, consequently, may by their very nature have direct effects, it does not follow from this that other categories of acts mentioned in that Article can never have similar effects.
The Court of Justice found that this was indeed possible by emphasising the distinction between direct applicability and direct effect: [B]y virtue of the provisions of Article [288] regulations are directly applicable and, consequently, may by their very nature have direct effects, it does not follow from this that other categories of acts mentioned in that Article can never have similar effects.

german, germany, die, der, da, bgb, und, im, oder, für
1 wird auf Antrag für folgende natürliche Personen auf ein Drittel ermäßigt: blinde oder nicht nur vorübergehend wesentlich sehbehinderte Menschen mit einem Grad der Behinderung von wenigstens 60 allein wegen der Sehbehinderung, hörgeschädigte Menschen, die gehörlos sind oder denen eine ausreichende Verständigung über das Gehör auch mit Hörhilfen nicht möglich ist, und behinderte Menschen, deren Grad der Behinderung nicht nur vorübergehend wenigstens 80 beträgt und die wegen ihres Leidens an öffentlichen Veranstaltungen ständig nicht teilnehmen können.
§ 2 (2) of the Gesetz über den Ladenschluß defines Reisebedarf: Reisebedarf im Sinne dieses Gesetzes sind Zeitungen, Zeitschriften, Straßenkarten, Stadtpläne, Reiselektüre, Schreibmaterialien, Tabakwaren, Schnittblumen, Reisetoilettenartikel, Filme, Tonträger, Bedarf für Reiseapotheken, Reiseandenken und Spielzeug geringeren Wertes, Lebens- und Genussmittel in kleineren Mengen sowie ausländische Geldsorten.
"Erfüllungsort" is a synonym for "Leistungsort", and according to BGB §269: § 269 Leistungsort (1) Ist ein Ort für die Leistung weder bestimmt noch aus den Umständen, insbesondere aus der Natur des Schuldverhältnisses, zu entnehmen, so hat die Leistung an dem Ort zu erfolgen, an welchem der Schuldner zur Zeit der Entstehung des Schuldverhältnisses seinen Wohnsitz hatte.
Es gibt einen weiteren Punkt: aufgrund des Baumbewuchses (den wir beseitigen werden, sobald wir dürfen) stellt es eine potentielle Gefahr für unser Haus dar: die Bäume sind so groß, dass sie auf unser Haus fallen könnten.
2 TMG bestehende Pflicht zur Angabe der "Adresse der elektronischen Post" meint die Angabe der E-Mail-Anschrift.
The relevant wording is "Der Zuschlag für KWK-Strom, der in ein Netz der allgemeinen Versorgung eingespeist wird, beträgt: ..."
Eine solche Vereinbarung ist jedoch ein Vertrag und kann nach den Regeln des Vertragsrechts nicht einseitig entstehen.
Mit einer ganz anderen Thematik – nämlich einer schwersten Persönlichkeitsrechtsverletzung des bekannten Autors und Wettermoderators Jörg Kachelmann – hatte sich das LG Köln (Urteile vom 30.
Wenn der Mieter sich nun doch dazu entscheidet auszuziehen, eine Räumungsklage aber jedoch schon eingereicht wurde, muss der Mieter die Kosten für diese Räumungsklage samt Anwaltskosten tragen?
The first subparagraph of § 87b Urheberrechtsgesetz in Germany is: Der Datenbankhersteller hat das ausschließliche Recht, die Datenbank insgesamt oder einen nach Art oder Umfang wesentlichen Teil der Datenbank zu vervielfältigen, zu verbreiten und öffentlich wiederzugeben.

smoking, marijuana, smoke, cigarette, tobacco, plant, paul, weed, au, smoker
Even if there were, BART says that it can carry "over 200 customers in a crush load.
html#disposition conveyance: http://www7. html disposition: http://www7. au/cgi-bin/viewdoc/au/legis/sa/consol_act/lopa1936198/s7.
But they can get thrown out of a building for smoking if they smoke, and smoking marijuana is no exception.
findlaw. findlaw. findlaw. lp. lp. lp. com/nycode/VIL http://codes. com/nycode/TWN http://codes.
After a few minutes, Thug is incapacitated and thoroughly bloodied, and Emily and Paul are safe.
Any other lighted smoking equipment. A lighted cigarette. A lighted pipe. A lighted cigar.
https://www. https://www. https://baronytitles. com/ When I acquire a barony title what will my name be?
Note that not all "invasive" plants are legally noxious weeds, for example Prunus laurocerasus (English laurel) is still legal to sell, and impossible to kill.
v=jor1eEIuH3I https://www. v=CCcmFkr_MR4 https://www. Smoking is not allowed on New York Subways, but vaping is not smoking as there is no combustion.
If, on the other hand, Paul continues to assault Thug after Thug has stopped his attack and withdrawn (or attempted to withdraw), or if Paul continues to assault Thug after Thug has lost his ability to defend himself then Paul could theoretically be charged with assault.

beer, ocean, cow, tortuous, can, louis, motorbike, hoffman, tenant, may
Louis is the lawyer?? " In this sentence, Is Louis the plaintiff-appelle? In the middle of the image I attached below, "Louis J.
As he can claim that when handling over the cans his intention was to provide the beer only (cans contents) and not motorbike.
Does the person own all coral reef, rocks and other things in the ocean in his owner portion of the ocean?
The ingredient label confirms that Beer Cheese contains beer. I just received a supply of Member's Mark Beer Cheese from Saint Mary's Foodbank in Phoenix, Arizona USA, and I am only 20 years of age.
It just feels like that phrase is, well, needlessly tortuous. What, exactly, counts as "other tortuous action"?
If the buyer gave the beer away, the recipient gets the winnings. But he could explicitly give away just the content of the beer can, and not the ring tab that entitles one to something of value.
So exchanging a cow for two sheep is a taxable event. That amount, less the cost of the cow (the "adjusted basis") is taxable gain (or loss), short or long term - depending on how long the cow was held before the exchange.
Thousands joined gang which kidnapped 'rapist' from Indian prison - then stripped him naked and beat him to death Crowds attack Africans in India after teen's death Indian mob beats two Muslims to death over suspected cow theft Muslim man dies in India after attack by Hindu 'cow protectors' Why are lynching and mob-justice so popular in India?
They then wouldn’t let him buy the beer because they couldn’t ID me (21, but I dress for work so I look more like 25).
On the 6/6/16 he was handing beer (while near 2 adults) and at the end of the scene he takes a couple of bottles after being denied some beer to drink.

controller, processor, weserve, ourcontent, data, iframe, dpa, quran, upl, finnegan
OurContent is the Controller and WeServe the Processor, OurContent has a Privacy Policy and needs a DPA from WeServe ourcontent.
OurContent is the Controller and WeServe the Processor, OurContent has a Privacy Policy and needs a DPA from WeServe ourcontent.
Finnegan wants to divorce Anna. Post marriage, what would be Anna's and Finnegan's claims on the property Anna inherited before marrying Finnegan?
What should a data processor do (if anything) if it has notified the data controller of a breach and it is aware of the data controller's negligence to notify the supervisory authority?
If the processor then becomes a controller (or joint controller) through activities that create new data about the individual, should an SAR disclose all data about said individual, or only data not passed in by the original controller?
Jake is not guilty of UPL, because Jake is not in jurisdiction A. Analogously, if Jake in state B renounces his religion online, which is the crime of apostasy in country Z, Jake is not guilty of apostasy.
In most places, MLM is legal (as distinct from Pyramid schemes which are not. The distinction being that MLM provides a product, while a pyramid scheme derives value primarily from those who are persuaded to join - the problem is often working out if something is MLM or a pyramid scheme).
Processors must have DPAs with controllers specifying all their processors. Basically it goes like so: Controller must specify all joint controllers, processors and sub processors.
" As such, a data processor "in relation to personal data, means any person (other than an employee of the data controller) who processes the data on behalf of the data controller.
Controllers, processors, sub-processors? Should a complete list of processors or sub-processors be written anywhere for GDPR compliance?

vat, chunk, supply, irish, torrent, eu, intra, wasp, company, bee
The Irish company’s supply is exempt from Irish VAT as an intra-EU supply. Here is what the EU say What is an intra-EU supply?
(This is only a hypothetical question that occurred to me while seated on a patio and being pestered by a very persistent wasp.
None of the chunks is useful on its own. Does the analysis change if you only download and immediately discard one of the chunks?
I do have to pay the VAT somewhere, right? Would I have to pay VAT elsewhere at a later date?
com/eu-vat-rules/distance-selling-eu-vat-thresholds/ If you do not exceed that threshold, you can apply your own country's VAT rules to customers from that country and deliver VAT to your own tax office.
My understanding (please someone correct me if I'm wrong) is that EU VAT applies to all international sales within the EU, both B2B and B2C now.
You can ask the supplier not to charge you VAT on the basis that it is a genuine export.
Obviously if you are not VAT registered and they buy your services, then your bill must be excluding VAT.
If you are an individual user in EU then the VAT will be added to your invoice.
I am VAT registered. (as Ltd company contractor)For some unpaid work notice pay which end client initially proposed to pay, but in reality didn't pay if I include VAT then it crosses 10K mark But without VAT its within10K limit.

speed, limit, mph, hour, prima, facie, flight, posted, mile, zone
What is the exact speed limit for the road if the low speed limit is only on the express lane?
If after the speed limit on the express lane there is a 85 miles per hour speed limit on the express lane, the cars in the express lane must be 85 miles per hour or slower after the work zone speed limit.
html#mixed (and meta), out of 52 jurisdictions: there are 3 where all speed limits are prima facie, 39 where all limits are absolute, and 10 where there is a mixture of the two.
Let's say a vehicle enters an inactive school zone going exactly the speed limit of 30mph.
So what exactly would the speed limit be on such a ramp? The speed limit on the highway is 65 mph, while the speed limit on the street that the other end of the ramp is connected to is 35 mph, but no speed is posted on the ramp, however, and the cop seemed to be trying to take advantage of that ambiguity, perhaps trying to punish people for reaching the highway's speed limit too early.
Those speed limits apply except when there is a sign posted, in which case the sign preempts the prima facie speed limit.
If you driving faster than the speed limit you are not necessarily traveling faster than the reasonsonable and prudent speed.
So what would the speed limit be on that road when there are no posted speed limit signs anywhere in that city on that road?
I am driving 60 miles per hour on a 60 mile per hour street, and pass by where originally sat a sign indicating a drop to, say, 40 miles per hour.
When a city or county in Texas builds a new road or substantially changes an existing one, for instance changes a 2 lane road to a 4 or 6 lane road, does the state require them to do a speed study and set the speed limit using that study?

contract, party, agreement, term, clause, breach, would, damage, offer, law
If Seller has simply made an initial offer which Buyer accepts (without a counteroffer), Seller has not yet agreed and there is no true mutual acceptance: Seller can reject the Buyer's proposal and offer some modified term.
Termination A sufficiently egregious breach may allow the aggrieved party to legally terminate the contract which ends all future obligations.
” From Black's Law Dictionary: A warranty differs from a representation in that a warranty must always be given contemporaneously with, and as part of, the contract; whereas a representation precedes and induces to the contract.
It is noteworthy that if certain types of misrepresentations persist in the new contract, party A might have forfeited his entitlement to void or get out of the new contract.
Agreements can be cancelled at any time, contracts can’t If the agreement is a contract (What is a contract and what is required for them to be valid?
That is not what time is of the essence means If a contract has a time by which something must be done and it isn’t done by that time, then that is a breach of a condition of the contract and the innocent party can claim damages.
Contract law The written contract represents the final agreement reached after negotiations.
The binding provisions may be terminated by mutual written consent of the parties; Provided, however, that the termination of the Binding Provisions shall not affect the liability of a party for breach of any of the Binding Provisions prior to termination.
Whereas, an "implied-in-law" contract is an equitable theory in the absence of a contract that the court will determine is necessary to become a contract in order to prevent unjust enrichment.
If it is valid and enforceable: What if Party A felt pressured (due to financial reasons/limitations) to sign the amended contact?

registrar, ford, solo, blm, registrant, whois, blackberry, mega, capcom, godaddy
Capcom has Mega Man, Ryu and Ken represented in the game, but Capcom is listed twice in that footer: once as "CAPCOM CO.
If you look at the bottom of the video near the beginning, they clearly credit the Pac-Man trademark and Bandai Namco Entertainment Inc, so presumably they have a license from Bandai Namco to use the likeness of Pac-Man.
In particular, it's more likely that Capcom USA is listed because of Mega Man. The Mega Man character in Japan is known as Rock Man (hence, his partner "Roll").
Here's the link to the Turbosquid Ford Agreement. com section for Ford 3D models.
godaddy. godaddy. COM Registrar: GODADDY. COM, LLC Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 146 Whois Server: whois.
The domain you mention has godaddy as its registrar, but the registrant (I.e. 'owner') is 'Jackson National Life Ins Co' according to godaddy's own whois server.
The owner of the Millennium Falcon is Leia Organa if Han Solo left no will; and, We follow California's intestacy laws.
My questions are these: Is there an official, legal exception for pachinko written in the Japanese criminal code?
If the registrant had chosen to let godaddy host the domain, and put up non-affiliated content - then the privacy would have been maintained.
He was the owner before Han Solo, but lost it in a poker game. It has always been claimed that Han Solo cheated in that game.

would, company, use, work, copyright, legal, law, data, may, could
Your employer will not receive your results in any form that may match the data to you; however your employer’s benefits plan, which may be self-administered, may receive identifiable information for purposes of managing the benefits plan or administering incentives on your behalf If your employer or program sponsor selects additional health benefits management services as part of this wellness screening then, at the direction of your employer or program sponsor, your data may be shared with health care professionals/companies and/or your employer’s Group Health Plan representatives who offer additional services provided by your employer.
If it is true, it would be a lot more awkward, because then she has to say to her professor: "Hey professor, I deserve an A, but I cannot answer any of the questions in the exam, because all of them are in whole or in part related to a trade secret formula I derived for my former employer 25 years ago.
" I would have to argue that open source projects have to be seen as inherently "business-like" for the purposes of the TMG for two reasons: Some other legal person may have similar software as part of their business and might have the need to serve legal notifications to the owner of a GitHub project (TMG &sect;8 gives competitors the right to sue).
“Art 6(1)(f) legitimate interest” or “Art 6(1)(a) consent” if the legal basis is legitimate interest, you must balance that interest against the data subject's interests determine whether your compliance requirements include creating/updating your Records of Processing, or whether you have to write a Data Protection Impact Assessment implement the processing in a manner that respects GDPR principles such as Transparency and Data Minimization if the legal basis is legitimate interest you must implement an opt-out solution if the legal basis is consent, you must request consent first in a manner that satisfies the Art 7 conditions for consent – and allow consent to be revoked easily prepare to satisfy data subject rights: information requirements per Art 13, usually done in the privacy policy right to access, rectification, erasure, and data portability right to object (opt-out) and to restrict processing be aware of your general requirements a data controller to process this data securely, e.g.
I would argue it is unreasonable to be expected to provide the information to the data subject over a cup of coffee or in a quick business card exchange, but if you start entering it into a spreadsheet or your CRM, you need to provide the required information, which may be as simple as a follow-up email thanking them for their time and letting them know you'll keep their contact details on file, along with a link to your organisation's privacy policy, assuming it covers this use, or if not, a specific privacy notice.
Since it follows from case law that static IP-addresses always makes the data subject identifiable, and dynamic IP-addresses may make the data subject identifiable, I will conclude, based on jurisprudence alone, that: Unless you are able to filter your logs to exclude static IP-addresses.
Also remember that the decrypt script would still exist somewhere in the repo, and someone could potentially use it or modify it to decrypt the actual IP dataset.
Also remember that some websites may actually be non-compliant with this legislation: (a) through poor implementation - even if they ask the question if the website source code behind the scenes doesn't appropriately observe the end-user's preferences, or by appearing to be compliant while storing cookies which are not explained/justified in the privacy policy; or (b) through conscious deliberate decision - deciding they did not want to comply with legislation they do not agree with on the basis that to implement a cookie question/banner might cost them customers by being unnecessarily disruptive to the user experience; (c) through ignorance - there's always the possibility of a website owner being unaware this legislation exists if their webdesign company didn't tell them and they don't follow related news, or perhaps they have forgotten about it, etc.
Now assume that you're a moderator or site-owner of some forum: presumably (hopefully) you have a TOS that addresses that situation, which says that moderators have the right to edit or delete content at their sole discretion, and also you say what kinds of posts are prohibited.
(You wouldn't be responsible if, say, for example, someone modded your game to include copyrighted songs as that would be the other person's liability) In closing The only way to be absolutely sure you have copyright is to produce your own images and write your own unique, original captions.

case, law, would, person, court, crime, child, criminal, judge, one
Corroboration From Actual Recent Prosecutions This reading is consistent with the fact that Virginia prosecutors have brought charges in similar circumstances such as the rape of an unconscious woman at a house party and charges against a Virginia DJ for his conduct towards unconscious women.
There is no further statutory explication of "assault" and "battery", but the instructions say that An assault is [an overt act intended to do bodily harm to another together with the present ability to cause such harm; an overt act intended to place a person in fear or apprehension of bodily harm that creates in (him;her) a reasonable fear or apprehension] Arguably, groping is not intended to bodily harm another.
The various sections in that division define the offenses of Sexual assault (s61I), Aggravated sexual assault (s61J), Aggravated sexual assault in company (s61JA), Assault with intent to have sexual intercourse (s61K), Indecent assault (s61L), Aggravated indecent assault (s61M), Act of indecency (s61N), Aggravated act of indecency (s61O) and Attempt to commit offence under sections 61I-61O (S61P), it also abolishes the common law crimes of rape and attempted rape (s63).
A person who subjects another person to sexual penetration, or who forces another person to make a sexual penetration on himself or herself or another, or on a beast, against the will of the victim or under conditions in which the perpetrator knows or should know that the victim is mentally or physically incapable of resisting or understanding the nature of his or her conduct, is guilty of sexual assault.
Statute of limitations bars many kinds of lawsuits, usually for money damages, from being filed within a certain amount of time after the incident occurred and the victim of the civil wrong learned of the wrong doing.
With the very narrow, newly created exception for guilty verdicts in criminal cases reached based upon racial or other kinds of impermissible prejudice rather than the facts of the case (or cases where there is an outside influence on the jury such as a bribe or someone looking up facts or law on the Internet), no one can challenge a jury verdict based upon the reasoning and conclusions actually made by the jurors, even if someone learns that the jury knowingly or accidentally didn't follow the law or was mistaken about the facts.
For example, there are dozens of such prosecutions a year in Colorado including both in court and out of court sworn statements, and there are tens of thousands of evidentiary hearings and evidentiary trials each year in Colorado, or which perjury is actually committed in perhaps 5%-10% of such hearings and trials.
If the sections were properly graded in definition as they are in substance, then section 18 would surely cover a narrower class of cases than section 20 which would cover a narrower class of cases than section 47; and yet section 47 is, in at least one respect, the narrowest offence of the three, while section 18 is, in at least one respect, broader than section 20.
Note from here or here that in a claim of Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress (IIED) (1) the conduct must be intentional and reckless; (2) the conduct must be extreme and outrageous; (3) there must be a causal connection between the wrongful conduct and the emotional distress; and (4) the emotional distress must be severe Any claims of harassment that might be available to Monica would not be against SE, but against the specific individuals who engaged in harassing her directly.
Homicide by abuse is when, with extreme indifference to human life, the person causes the death of a child or person under sixteen years of age, a developmentally disabled person, or a dependent adult, and the person has previously engaged in a pattern or practice of assault or torture of said child, person under sixteen years of age, developmentally disabled person, or dependent person.

xxxx, pg, lamine, guèye, atty, lounge, replaced, law, colony, state
Imagine I was born in country X at xxxx. At xxxx+20 years country X is annexed to the United States.
Teska's translation [2, pg. However, it is not clear if this citizenship is distinct from the one in the Lamine Guèye law/Article 80 [2, pg.
If in an MOU it is written that "party A will provide [xxxx]", if later it transpires party A did not fully provide xxxx and party B suffers a loss due to this, can this case be viewed as misrepresentation, or are MOUs purely used for agreements in good faith?
Seller's atty submitted contract to buyers atty. It is unusual or inappropriate for the sellers atty to unilaterally change the contract without proper notification after the buyer has signed?
Having said that: Any reasonable Atty would resign when aware of client lies, or intent to lie under oath.
Is Loi Lamine Gueye- law n ° 46-940 of May 7, 1946, the law granting citizenship rights to nationals of the French colonies active today?
Thus, all smoking lounges in DEN are cannabis-free. Apparently, according to an employee within DEN, some people do manage to get past the security and into those lounges with their own pot, but, they're not allowed to keep at it, either.
Would I also add "© xxxx - xxxx [Company]" or something else? I don't want to be claiming that I own the companies in question.
He also stated the following [pg. Near its conclusion, the chairman states the following [pg.
I guess the person is the PG owner to whom I gave my Aadhar card to photocopy as proof of address.

state, would, law, court, one, case, without, legal, right, jury
So yes I think it is child abuse and borderline sexual assualt. Also the penis grows fast and extensively during puberty and that would hurt to have your pp hole split by a metal bar bc your mom is an entitled parent.
Does this apply to all states in the US? And if the judge did and the priest refused, would the priest be held in contempt?
Though Section 52 of Indian Copyright Act provides a list of acts which aren't to be regarded as copyright infringement, but many of the things in the list are ambiguous and you'll have to check with a lawyer if they apply or not.
It is the mark owner's responsibility to enforce protection of their trademark, or else risk losing it for not helping defend the public from confusion about which goods are genuinely from the brand.
Can random countries just seize vessels in international waters if they decide the vessel is dirty?
The phrase "the law" encompasses not just a particular statute, but all statutes, all regulations that have the force of law, all treaties, the constitution, and all judicially created case law, not just statutes which come into being through the passage of bills as acts by the legislature.
1, 1974, 32 U.S.T. 377. 19, 1979, 32 U.S.T. 10, 1982, 21 I.L.M. 17, 1978, 17 I.L.M.
For that matter could a member of a hospital allow it to occur without violating their legal responsibilities?
2. " or is there more to it than that? Are there laws/regulations governing this?
For example, the enactment of Title 51 repealed a bunch of Title 42 and its enacting legislation and re-enacted much of the same law anew in Title 51.

schedule, cola, coca, attachment, contentious, pepsi, bell, irc, xor, respectively
Does this "respectively" modify "parties" or the verb "incorporates"? This agreement is issued pursuant to and incorporates by thisreference the terms and conditions set forth in the Schedule statedabove, and the Agreement and Attachment(s) set forth in such Schedule,by and between the parties to the Agreement, Schedule and Attachment, respectively.
Does this "respectively" modify "parties" or the verb "incorporates"? I think "respectively" is redundant and inconsequential here because "this agreement" is grouped together with "the Schedule stated above", which in turn allegedly comprises the initial "Agreement and Attachment(s)".
Would I (as pepsi) be allowed to compare a pepsi and a coca-cola bottle side to side?
Bell. Respondent. Because Bell was the petitioner in this action, Bell gets listed first.
Independent invention is perfectly fine: if I figure out on my own what the secret formula for Coca-Cola is, there's nothing the Coca-Cola company can do to stop me.
Aereo, Inc. A transcoder translates the signals received by the antenna into data that can be transmitted over the Internet.
Litigation would be "contentious", while transactional work would be "non-contentious".
Respondent Aereo, Inc. Aereo dedicated separate antennae to receive a signals for each subscriber at the subscriber's direction, and rebroadcast the signal over the internet in near real-time.
So presuming that I sent the contract to the client in an email, could I then attach schedule 1 as a separate attachment to the contract in the email or does the schedule have to be in the same document as the contract?
Both XOR1 and XOR2 seem random and unrelated to CR, but when XOR-ed, they form CR.

dd, donut, dunkin, dancing, fratboy, eagle, sandwich, loc, memorial, festival
If not, why were these people arrested at the Jefferson Memorial and what is the ruling that "denounced dancing on the site" (from the video's description)?
DD is also the only one of these restruants that is known for both Donuts and Coffee (what are you Dunkin' those Donuts into anyway?
As for the pledge potentially violating the second commandment, neither the flag nor the eagle atop it (by the way, not all U.S.
I became American and know people who never been or ate Dunkin donuts and this slogan makes me feel like I'm some fat man who fills himself with grease and over sweeten donuts.
At a second party, Fratboy C found out about fratboy A and fratboy B. There is a situation in which fratboy A and fratboy B met in a fraternity house.
Do I (as the festival) have a right to give permission to use the footage to this filmmaker?
Tetris: 100-200 LOC. Gmail: 1 Million LOC, Windows XP: 50 Million LOC. Hello world: 1-10 LOC.
At work, if I deliberately place a sticker on a jar of nice coffee which says "help yourself", without the knowledge or consent of the owner of that coffee, and knowing the coffee isn't mine and and in the absence of any evidence that the owner wants it given away, am I committing a crime?
She sells coffee, sandwiches, salads, pastas, danishes, and the like. Some of the products, for example some salads, pastas, sandwiches and desserts are pre-packaged for convenience and efficiency, but it's not a factory.
Examples follow: Dunkin' Brands Group, the company which operates the Dunkin' Donuts and Baskin-Robbins chains, has associated intellectual properties assigned to DD IP Holder, LLC and BR IP Holder, LLC, respectively.

burger, franchise, mou, franchisee, franchisor, academy, meat, winner, king, hob
If the franchisee is not an agent, the franchisor is not liable. If the franchisor exerts "enough" control, it is liable; if the franchisee is independent "enough", it is liable.
Recently, a vegan customer sued Burger King because a plant-based burger he bought at a Burger King franchise was cooked on a grill also used for cooking meat.
However, if the owner of an Oscar dies, or simply ignores the agreement and gives or sells the Oscar to someone else, can the Academy contest.
If, after buying the burger, he eats it, would I be correct in claiming that "he ate my burger"?
The relevant clause is: Academy Award winners have no rights whatsoever in the Academy copyright or goodwill in the Oscar statuette or in its trademark and service mark registrations.
In this specific case he is saying Burger King did not inform people how the burger was prepared and that the ad was therefore deceiving, so he is suing Burger King the corporation because they were the ones who wronged him.
2 Where a franchisor is considered an employer of the franchisee, then the franchisor can be held vicariously liable.
My husband and I were served a meat burger after requesting a veggie burger. When we began eating the burger it tasted different.
to you and not to the franchisee himself. You would be the franchisor, the person granting the franchise, the other person the franchisee.
Is my understanding of an MOU flawed ? Is an MOU on trade equivalent to a Trade Agreement?

fox, metric, rescuetime, television, yellowknife, apparel, school, font, station, compatible
Presumably the designer of a metric compatible font is not printing the source font and measuring it.
Yellowknife Waldorf School then rushes into court seeking a mandatory injunction against Fox Television requiring it to reinstate television programming for CKYK and CBLT immediately, arguing that it is breaching its contract by declining to provide programming for $500 a year to all television stations that Yellowknife Waldorf School owns as required by the contract between Yellowknife Waldorf School and Fox Television.
I found another company that has no relation to my school that can produce my apparel.
If so who gives permission for something like this the person being interviewed or the television station that originally broadcast the interview?
) And RescueTime retains all rights to your data. RescueTime, in its sole discretion, may terminate your membership and remove and discard any of your Recommendations without notice if RescueTime believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the TOS.
Could I sell apparel with 'Yakatomi Towers Cleaning' If I were to sell apparel with say the name of a fictional organization would I need special permissions or licensing?
My logic is this: as the garden is back to back with school's open area, which everyone can access while they are in the school.
In some (European) countries (like Belgium), national television and especially children television networks are not allowed to broadcast (a significant amount of) advertisement.
Considering that traders have been prosecuted for not using the metric system, how can Subway's and pizzerias legally do so?
I have a RescueTime account (rescuetime. Is it legal to charge me for my own data?

landlord, tenant, lease, month, rent, notice, day, property, pay, fee
My lease agreement specifies: "After that (July 15), this lease will automatically renew month-to-month unless either party gives at least 60 days' written notice of termination or intent to move out" So say I don't give them a move out notice, and my lease renews month-to-month.
It seems that landlord has breached the lease agreement by re-taking possession of the property and renting the house making it so that renter cannot move back in or live there if they wanted.
So if you pay your rent on the 5th or 6th day, you can be evicted for failing to pay on time, but you cannot be charged anything beyond the month's rent.
Do I still need to pay my old landlord rent for the room even if she told me that I have 30 days to move out?
If when the lease expired, the landlord refuses to renew, citing an upcoming balloon payment that would not be covered by the rent as the reason, what recourse does the tenant have?
Note that, assuming rent is paid monthly, the rent period begins on the day of the month when the tenancy starts (in this case, the 27th), regardless of when you're expected to pay it.
For periodic tenancies, the default requirement is: The notice you give must end on the first or last day of the period of a tenancy, except when your tenancy agreement says something different.
Assuming it's an assured shorthold tenancy (which it will be unless the tenancy agreement says otherwise), the tenancy continues until the tenants give notice, or the landlord gives notice and the tenants leave voluntarily (and failing that, when a court forces them to leave).
If you have a lease that lasts one year but you are required to pay rent monthly or weekly, you don't have a yearly tenancy - you have a fixed term one that lasts for a year.
Since today is the 3rd, I have prospective roommates waiting to meet with the landlord for approval and then move-in on the 11th.

inadmissibility, alien, would, one, country, also, state, could, legal, company
4 Inadmissibility and deportability. (a) Determinations of inadmissibility. 3(b)(3): (3) Additional charges of inadmissibility.
Similarly, as noted in another answer, inadmissibility and deportability are triggered if the lie was for the purpose of obtaining a benefit under federal or state law.
So yes I think it is child abuse and borderline sexual assualt. Also the penis grows fast and extensively during puberty and that would hurt to have your pp hole split by a metal bar bc your mom is an entitled parent.
" or is there more to it than that? The legislative process would be exactly the same as any other bill.
Though Section 52 of Indian Copyright Act provides a list of acts which aren't to be regarded as copyright infringement, but many of the things in the list are ambiguous and you'll have to check with a lawyer if they apply or not.
It is the mark owner's responsibility to enforce protection of their trademark, or else risk losing it for not helping defend the public from confusion about which goods are genuinely from the brand.
Can random countries just seize vessels in international waters if they decide the vessel is dirty?
The phrase "the law" encompasses not just a particular statute, but all statutes, all regulations that have the force of law, all treaties, the constitution, and all judicially created case law, not just statutes which come into being through the passage of bills as acts by the legislature.
1, 1974, 32 U.S.T. 377. 19, 1979, 32 U.S.T. 10, 1982, 21 I.L.M. 17, 1978, 17 I.L.M.
For that matter could a member of a hospital allow it to occur without violating their legal responsibilities?

court, law, case, state, person, right, u, legal, one, trial
So yes I think it is child abuse and borderline sexual assualt. Also the penis grows fast and extensively during puberty and that would hurt to have your pp hole split by a metal bar bc your mom is an entitled parent.
Does this apply to all states in the US? And if the judge did and the priest refused, would the priest be held in contempt?
Though Section 52 of Indian Copyright Act provides a list of acts which aren't to be regarded as copyright infringement, but many of the things in the list are ambiguous and you'll have to check with a lawyer if they apply or not.
It is the mark owner's responsibility to enforce protection of their trademark, or else risk losing it for not helping defend the public from confusion about which goods are genuinely from the brand.
Can random countries just seize vessels in international waters if they decide the vessel is dirty?
The phrase "the law" encompasses not just a particular statute, but all statutes, all regulations that have the force of law, all treaties, the constitution, and all judicially created case law, not just statutes which come into being through the passage of bills as acts by the legislature.
I doubt that a coast guard or naval ship of a signatory state would impound such a ship while it is actually in international waters, although I have no hard evidence for that assumption.
For that matter could a member of a hospital allow it to occur without violating their legal responsibilities?
Are there laws/regulations governing this? Barring the even more ridiculous case of Congress repealing everything and passing the exact same laws again, just under different Titles/Chapters/etc, would it be possible for Congress to arbitrarily merge, combine, and delete Titles, and to rearrange the location of laws, definitions, etc?
For example, the enactment of Title 51 repealed a bunch of Title 42 and its enacting legislation and re-enacted much of the same law anew in Title 51.

shop, wall, ball, cube, ink, pawn, rubik, golf, painted, merritt
the wall is first painted with a layer of opaque ink and then painted with a message.
Lets say my company make a new shape of Rubik's Cube (a round ball twisty puzzle) and we call it a "Ball Cube" (my company is called "Puzzles" so its a "Puzzles Ball Cube").
Merritt is the bailor. Merritt. The pawn shop acts as a bailee of the property and Mr.
The pawn shop has the "use of property" of their own premises. And the pawn shop is allowed to let the police onto their own premises, even without a search warrant.
In short - I have developed an Android application allowing user to solve Rubik's Cube, but Rubik's Brand Ltd.
(In other words, the device lets you "feel" what the pro's swing is really like: as you swing, the more the device will vibrate and beep the more you deviate from the programmed swing.
i checked Rubiks cube image rights and i'm still confused about the legal protection of Rubik's cube.
If someone retrieves the ball without my permission, they are trespassing. Theoretically, if I own the house or my lease permits, I have the right to control access to my yard and, therefore, access to the ball, even if I don't own the ball.
I am about to send a package to a shop. We agreed to a price and they told me the shop's address which is really the one from the shop.
Why make this clarification, given that if a wall doesn't stand "on lands of different owners", it can't be a party wall anyway?

suffix, bone, downtown, bob, walter, grandma, ticker, jesse, ash, launcher
For instance, if my name was Bob, then I can name my child Bob II or Bob Jr. Therefore, if my father's and child's name was Bob, it has to be Bob and only Bob without any suffixes.
At that point, can it be easily handed down from generation to generation (my grandma is passing the ashes down to her oldest son), or would it be difficult to transfer ownership of the bones after you receive it?
Walter tries to wake up Jesse shaking him strongly without success. Walter and Jesse are partners and they make drugs.
This is matter between Jane and Joe, Bob is not involved. This is a matter between Jane and Bob, Joe is involved only so far as he was a witness to what happened.
Can Bob leave earlier, i.e. Alice is subletting an apartment to Bob. The contract stipulates that Bob is subletting the apartment till August 15.
If there is a contract, Bob is entitled to damages There probably is a contract in this case - the landlord (through their agent) has made an unambiguous offer which Bob has accepted by signing the lease.
The father of my grandma (dead) was American (he was born there), but my grandma (alive) did not get citizenship for some reason.
Does that entitle him to all the ashes? Can I sue him for equitable ashes? My brother took my mother and stepfathers ashes to his house in Eastern Wa.
Downtown League does not pay Candace. The jury finds Downtown League to be in breach of contract.
Company name Ticker Email address Agilent Technology A Ticker. My understanding is that Stock ticker is not a trademark and only trademarks are protected..

rat, juris, sui, portuguese, mouse, rodent, portugal, arrogation, adoption, grandparent
) Adrogation: Adoption of a person who is sui juris (sui juris n. It can't be both sui juris and alieni juris adoption.
I have noticed mice and rats aren't covered with legal protection for some reason https://awionline.
They retain sui juris after "divorce" or death of a spouse. 20] The status of sui juris won't be revoked by divorce or death.
If this termination happens before the person's 20th birthday, do they retain sui juris?
030 under health and sanitation says It is unlawful for the owner or occupant to fail to reconstruct or repair [buildings of various types, controlling in various ways] for the purpose of preventing rats, mice, or other rodents from gaining entrance thereto; and it is also unlawful for the owner of [things rats eat] to fail to adequately protect the same to prevent such rodents from gaining access to or coming in contact therewith.
If a parent does not want their child to have a relationship with the child's grandparents, can the grandparents sue/petition for certain visitation rights?
According to Wikipedia: As of July 29, 2015, those born outside Portugal who have at least one grandparent of Portuguese nationality, are granted Portuguese citizenship by extension immediately.
The part that would remain to be determined is whether both grandparents lost their Portuguese nationality somehow.
For example, if I manufacture mouse for Apple computer, can I advertisement that my mouse is for Apple computer?
We all want the rats to be removed from our house, is there anything we can do about it?

lexis, reilly, carp, cod, chef, oliver, forgive, rip, debt, forgiven
After CARP gave (donated) the debt to RIP, then RIP was free to forgive the debts (which is its explicitly-stated mission).
Lexis has advertised as low as $175/month for Lexis "Advance". I find the value of Lexis is diminishing.
Oliver or his shell corporation could have directly forgiven the debt as a gift to the debtors.
However, to increase the visual and cultural feel of the restaurant I would like the chef to have a (...
I have access to Lexis/Nexis, but my experience is that subject searches rarely work.
com/go/register Create an O'Reilly login. 99 ebook upgrade offer" for a couple of O'Reilly books of which I have paper copies.
According to Wikipedia, Oliver Cromwell permission of resettlement was revoked, and the right of Jews in England is only "implied.
How much do small firms or individual practitioners pay for access to Lexis, BNA, and Westlaw?
Was watching John Oliver last night and he had a whole feature on the Equal Rights Amendment.
For example, Lexus the car Lexis the information service (Spelling is irrelevant in trademarks).

markup, pci, ds, metadata, element, enron, fidelity, plurality, tissue, compliant
Claim 1 of the granted patent is - A method for distributing educational electronic documents, the method comprising: generating markup language page elements and document structure metadata that collectively preserve page fidelity of a document having a plurality of correlated pages, the page fidelity preserved across a plurality of targeted web browsers, the markup language page elements corresponding to elements of information on each correlated page of the document and the document structure metadata identifying locations and composition of the elements of information; packaging the markup language page elements and the document structure metadata into a plurality of assets for delivery, each asset of the plurality of assets including the markup language page elements and the document structure metadata for a portion of the document; generating for an asset of the plurality of assets, a unique time-based URL referencing the markup language page elements of the asset and establishing a time of expiry of the markup language elements of the asset, the unique time-based URL referencing the markup language elements of the asset prior to the time of expiry and not referencing the markup language elements of the asset after the time of expiry; and transferring the unique time-based URL of the asset to end-user web applications of authorized users, the end-user web applications executing in the targeted web browsers for using the unique time-based URL to access the markup language page elements and the document structure metadata to reconstruct and display one or more pages of the document with page fidelity to the document.
But all our payments are only handled by one payment gateway provider who is PCI-DSS compliant.
The first claim of this patent application is: An electronic content management and delivery platform, the platform comprising: An ingestion system configured to receive a document; a publishing system configured to extract document structure metadata based on content from the ingested document, wherein the document structure metadata identify the location and composition of elements of information of the ingested document and are stored connection with the ingested document, the publishing system further configured to format the elements of information from pages of the ingested document into markup language page elements that collectively preserve page fidelity of the document; and a distribution system configured to deliver, via a network to end-user devices, markup language page elements to construct one or more pages of the document.
Reading through a summary of the Enron Scandal, one of the mentioned "ventures" that Enron took, was a joint venture with Blockbuster to provide online movie rentals.
In most industries a customer will not even know what PCI-DSS is, so it may not be a helpful logo from a marketing standpoint.
PCI DSS is not required by federal law, and the few states that mention it in their laws generally do so in the context of breaches (actual damages).
So far I usually send a nice email reminding them of the PCI-DSS regulations. If a vendor clearly ignores PCI-DSS regulations and puts my personal credit card information at risk, is there any legal action I can take against them?
It will have a number and an expiry date. By guessing the expiry date, you would be making a representation to the bank that the customer has authorised you to charge that card (if it exists), when they have not.
08 Trespass in structure or conveyance. — (1) Whoever, without being authorized, licensed, or invited, willfully enters or remains in any structure or conveyance, or, having been authorized, licensed, or invited, is warned by the owner or lessee of the premises, or by a person authorized by the owner or lessee, to depart and refuses to do so, commits the offense of trespass in a structure or conveyance.
Had the original complete attorney message (with email metadata) been forwarded: would it be hearsay?

data, would, person, one, may, service, use, could, property, like
So yes I think it is child abuse and borderline sexual assualt. Also the penis grows fast and extensively during puberty and that would hurt to have your pp hole split by a metal bar bc your mom is an entitled parent.
Does this apply to all states in the US? And if the judge did and the priest refused, would the priest be held in contempt?
Though Section 52 of Indian Copyright Act provides a list of acts which aren't to be regarded as copyright infringement, but many of the things in the list are ambiguous and you'll have to check with a lawyer if they apply or not.
It is the mark owner's responsibility to enforce protection of their trademark, or else risk losing it for not helping defend the public from confusion about which goods are genuinely from the brand.
Can random countries just seize vessels in international waters if they decide the vessel is dirty?
The phrase "the law" encompasses not just a particular statute, but all statutes, all regulations that have the force of law, all treaties, the constitution, and all judicially created case law, not just statutes which come into being through the passage of bills as acts by the legislature.
I doubt that a coast guard or naval ship of a signatory state would impound such a ship while it is actually in international waters, although I have no hard evidence for that assumption.
For that matter could a member of a hospital allow it to occur without violating their legal responsibilities?
Are there laws/regulations governing this? Barring the even more ridiculous case of Congress repealing everything and passing the exact same laws again, just under different Titles/Chapters/etc, would it be possible for Congress to arbitrarily merge, combine, and delete Titles, and to rearrange the location of laws, definitions, etc?
For example, the enactment of Title 51 repealed a bunch of Title 42 and its enacting legislation and re-enacted much of the same law anew in Title 51.

stereo, holmes, trigg, shapiro, cordon, hastings, revolution, sir, serial, jonathan
Can the cop see the stereo serial number after seizing the stereo? Did the cop have a right to seize the stereo under civil forfeiture law?
The defendant, Jonathan Trigg  co. ("Trigg  Co. The defendant, Jonathan Trigg, is sole director, president, and sole shareholder of Trigg  Co.
Sir Patrick Hastings has suggested it advocates violent revolution. HOLMES: No, My Lord.
Alleged Facts On this video (at time marker 5:32-5:36), Ben Shapiro alleges Zoey Tur committed the crime/s (and/or tort/s) of assault and/or battery against Shapiro.
Sir Patrick Hastings has suggested it advocates violent revolution. This turns the question away from what the unknown Times reviewer said (presumably that the book did not advocate violent revolution) and is casting doubt on the opinion of Sir Patrick Hastings that it does; given that he is the opposing barrister, his opinion is a legitimate subject of attack.
The police did seize the stereo. The courts did not order that the stereo be returned to Hicks nor to anyone else in the apartment, they simply found that the stereo could not be used as evidence against Hicks in prosecuting him for the robbery.
And a revolution can occur with a war and without secession. Likewise, a revolution can occur without a war.
I'm assuming that given its age, Big Ben has to be public domain. Let's say I want to make a miniature replica of Big Ben and sell it online.
Is a "revolution" simply a militarily successful secession? except through revolution or through consent of the States.
In addition, some money counting machines will scan the serial numbers of money that is counted, and cash used for a ransom, for example, may have its serial numbers tracked.

would, country, legal, person, police, state, crime, one, time, case
So yes I think it is child abuse and borderline sexual assualt. Also the penis grows fast and extensively during puberty and that would hurt to have your pp hole split by a metal bar bc your mom is an entitled parent.
Does this apply to all states in the US? And if the judge did and the priest refused, would the priest be held in contempt?
Though Section 52 of Indian Copyright Act provides a list of acts which aren't to be regarded as copyright infringement, but many of the things in the list are ambiguous and you'll have to check with a lawyer if they apply or not.
It is the mark owner's responsibility to enforce protection of their trademark, or else risk losing it for not helping defend the public from confusion about which goods are genuinely from the brand.
Can random countries just seize vessels in international waters if they decide the vessel is dirty?
The phrase "the law" encompasses not just a particular statute, but all statutes, all regulations that have the force of law, all treaties, the constitution, and all judicially created case law, not just statutes which come into being through the passage of bills as acts by the legislature.
I doubt that a coast guard or naval ship of a signatory state would impound such a ship while it is actually in international waters, although I have no hard evidence for that assumption.
For that matter could a member of a hospital allow it to occur without violating their legal responsibilities?
Are there laws/regulations governing this? Barring the even more ridiculous case of Congress repealing everything and passing the exact same laws again, just under different Titles/Chapters/etc, would it be possible for Congress to arbitrarily merge, combine, and delete Titles, and to rearrange the location of laws, definitions, etc?
For example, the enactment of Title 51 repealed a bunch of Title 42 and its enacting legislation and re-enacted much of the same law anew in Title 51.

license, vehicle, country, code, citizen, state, resident, citizenship, registration, gpl
According to pages of the CA DMV: New vehicles bought outside California must be registered in CA Unregistered vehicles must be registered within a few days of establishing CA residency Driving a vehicle with expired registration, whether with CA or another state, is unlawful However, it is unclear to me what happens with old vehicles.
gov/ I need a foreign passport, permanent resident card, and drivers license/ID.
Hence, does this mean I can drive a regular car under my LR license without displaying probationary plates on the rear windscreen, as plates are not a license condition of my LR license?
REGISTRATION REQUIRED; GENERAL RULE: a) Not more than 30 days after purchasing a vehicle or becoming a resident of this state, the owner of a motor vehicle, trailer, or semitrailer shall apply for the registration of the vehicle for: (1) each registration year in which the vehicle is used or to be used on a public highway; and (2) if the vehicle is unregistered for a registration year that has begun and that applies to the vehicle and if the vehicle is used or to be used on a public highway, the remaining portion of that registration year.
Is there an exemption that allows the vehicle owner to use this in place of a standard USA license plate?
If I release some code that I wrote myself with an Open Source license (a WordPress plugin with the GPL2 license, https://www.
Provisional licence rules apply to all classes of vehicle licence Australia wide - you actually only have one driver's licence, the vehicles you are permitted to drive are simply endorsements on that license.
The law in Oregon says A person commits the offense of failure to display registration plates if the person operates, on the highways of this state, any vehicle or camper that has been assigned registration plates by this state and the registration plates assigned to the vehicle or camper are displayed in a manner that violates any of the following: (a) The plate must be displayed on the rear of the vehicle, if only one plate is required.
The New Hampshire Division of Motor Vehicles (DMV) requires you to have a retail dealer license if you’re in the business of selling 5 motor vehicles or more to the public during a period of 12 months.
, California) and I drive it in any other state without displaying a front license plate.

inhabited, camp, septic, tehlirian, scout, bsa, surrounded, property, would, used
I work at a Scout (BSA) affiliated camp. We cannot build a septic system at camp because we are surrounded by water, and we have been told septic systems must be built 100 yards from water.
“Inhabited structure” and “inhabited property” do not include the real property on which an inhabited structure or an inhabited property is located.
Some Girl Scouts have rebranded their Samoa cookies into Momoas. Could Jason Momoa sue the Girl Scouts for using his likeness without his permission?
Is it OK to use the posters as images on my own pamphlets for parents, so they can read more information about the camp?
In a more recent trial (Rehbogen) the prosecution used the same reasoning to charge and try a concentration camp guard.
The trial examined not only Tehlirian’s actions but also Tehlirian's conviction that Talât was the main author of the Armenian deportation and mass killings.
" Is this a valid interpretation or can "inhabited" simply mean "owned/rented", e.g.
BSA | The Software Alliance (BSA) is the leading advocate for the global software industry.
The definition is kind of a negative and could be more easily phrased as: "You may camp at A) designated camping areas or B) private places where you are entitled to camp".
As an example, it is, generally speaking, legal for the Girl Scouts to sell cookies, and for someone other than the Boy Scouts to sell popcorn.

venmo, aws, paypal, agb, spraying, powered, squirrel, escrow, gray, right
It is a crime to possess a gray squirrel in the EU. If you land a gray squirrel in an EU airport, they will confiscate the squirrel, arrest you, then fine you and kill the squirrel.
amazon. amazon. This seems to say that you can say on your sites that are powered by AWS that they are powered by AWS.
My understanding is that they/their parent company handle payment processing, escrow, and payout themselves.
PayPal: Venmo is a PayPal company (clearly stated in the footer of the site) and PayPal has their own click-through TOS which outlines account requirements and illegal activities: Venmo is a service of PayPal, Inc.
Paypal says it is not covered by there paypal scheme as it was listed under vehicles .
Just like eBay that uses PayPal, your web store payments to seller must have been via a money transferring organization like PayPal.
Would Apple allow an app where you can purchase a lottery ticket through PayPal and go into the chance to win, with the winners money going to a PayPal account?
The escrow is registered in California. I used an escrow agency for a project payment of several hundreds of dollars.
However, it’s extremely unlikely that PayPal have breached their contract with you.
From the same page: Q: Has the department of business oversight taken any action against unlicensed internet escrow agents that are offering and/or providing escrow services over the internet to California residents that are located outside of California?

currency, cbsa, courier, fung, manfred, pokeball, monetary, traveller, instrument, basketball
In the Game, you can have Unlockable Skins for your Basketball, and some of those Skins are recognizable icons or things from other games like they have a Pokeball Skin, its not perfectly like a Pokeball but you can clearly identify it as a Pokeball.
This currency was not a cryptocurrency. "Issuing" means putting a virtual currency into circulation, for example, by providing users virtual currency for free, in exchange for real currency, or as a promotion.
100, you are considered a "dealer in foreign exchange", and thus a "money services business", and thus a "financial institution", if you are: A person that accepts the currency, or other monetary instruments, funds, or other instruments denominated in the currency, of one or more countries in exchange for the currency, or other monetary instruments, funds, or other instruments denominated in the currency, of one or more other countries in an amount greater than $1,000 for any other person on any day in one or more transactions, whether or not for same-day delivery.
If the currency or monetary instruments you are reporting are not your own, you will be required to complete Cross-Border Currency or Monetary Instruments Report – General (Form E667).
Libra is currency. Starbucks points and the like are not currency: they won't be accepted by sellers of goods and services, let alone you won't be able to transfer them.
One such site is woduels, their currency is WD tokens. Is there a problem with showing the currency (like in US dollars)?
Or consider any currency with no intrinsic link to any other currency or form of capital (i.e.
The website will only do cashin/cashouts with virtual game currency, and will not allow any direct way to convert your curreny/credits to real cash.
Virtual coins are hot and the trend is settling in, many website are starting to create their own virtual currencies that can be used on their own website.
Supreme court of South Korea ruled in July 2009 that exchanging virtual currency for real world currency is legal, even though doing so was against the game's terms of service.

would, law, use, legal, property, u, one, crime, time, also
So yes I think it is child abuse and borderline sexual assualt. Also the penis grows fast and extensively during puberty and that would hurt to have your pp hole split by a metal bar bc your mom is an entitled parent.
Does this apply to all states in the US? And if the judge did and the priest refused, would the priest be held in contempt?
Though Section 52 of Indian Copyright Act provides a list of acts which aren't to be regarded as copyright infringement, but many of the things in the list are ambiguous and you'll have to check with a lawyer if they apply or not.
It is the mark owner's responsibility to enforce protection of their trademark, or else risk losing it for not helping defend the public from confusion about which goods are genuinely from the brand.
Can random countries just seize vessels in international waters if they decide the vessel is dirty?
The phrase "the law" encompasses not just a particular statute, but all statutes, all regulations that have the force of law, all treaties, the constitution, and all judicially created case law, not just statutes which come into being through the passage of bills as acts by the legislature.
I doubt that a coast guard or naval ship of a signatory state would impound such a ship while it is actually in international waters, although I have no hard evidence for that assumption.
For that matter could a member of a hospital allow it to occur without violating their legal responsibilities?
Are there laws/regulations governing this? Barring the even more ridiculous case of Congress repealing everything and passing the exact same laws again, just under different Titles/Chapters/etc, would it be possible for Congress to arbitrarily merge, combine, and delete Titles, and to rearrange the location of laws, definitions, etc?
For example, the enactment of Title 51 repealed a bunch of Title 42 and its enacting legislation and re-enacted much of the same law anew in Title 51.

firearm, military, gun, weapon, patient, war, licensee, state, force, doctor
While portraying a member of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps, an actor in a theatrical or motion-picture production may wear the uniform of that armed force if the portrayal does not tend to discredit that armed force.
Eg: In Braganza v BP Shipping Ltd [2015] UKSC 17, Neuberger L dissented, but Hale L delivered a majority judgment.
I know there is an exception for inheritance but what about a gift or out of state gift?
You may possess a rifle at a shooting range in New Jersey without a firearms purchaser identification card if the rifle was lent to you by the licensed range or a licensed instructor.
A nonimmigrant alien with residency in a State may purchase a firearm from a licensee, provided the sale complies with all applicable laws and regulations.
Yes, according to the law wearing a US military uniform is prohibited unless you have explicit permission (usually by being in the military): Except as otherwise provided by law, no person except a member of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps, as the case may be, may wear— (1) the uniform, or a distinctive part of the uniform, of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps; or (2) a uniform any part of which is similar to a distinctive part of the uniform of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps.
Could there be any legal repercussions for wearing this in the US (I am not affiliated with the military), without any other military clothing (eg.
Code § 704 - Military medals or decorations, it is illegal to produce replicas of Medals of Honor, or any United States military decorations.
Generally, a firearm may not lawfully be sold by a licensee to a nonlicensee who resides in a State other than the State in which the seller’s licensed premises is located...
and The new ban bars the circulation and use of most semi-automatic firearms, parts that convert firearms into semi-automatic firearms, magazines over a certain capacity and some shotguns.

exclusion, country, nba, standard_rate, false, cyprus, greece, czech, austria, pt
00, "exclusions": false }, "GB": { "country": "United Kingdom", "standard_rate": 20.
The Kingdom of the Netherlands (Koninkrijk der Nederlanden) contains both the country (the Netherlands, or Holland) and the Carribean Netherlands.
In NBA vs. If I want to use the score that is published on the NBA website (without reaching an agreement with NBA), would I infringe NBA's copyright in that case?
Why don't the Netherlands and Luxembourg (and other countries, really) simply copy them?
Once the produce is in Hungary, is it actually easy and straightforward to send it to Sweden?
These countries are: Taiwan, South Korea, Portugal, Italy, Austria, China, Russia, Hong Kong, Greece, France, Japan, Spain, Czech Republic.
You need to consult an accountant but, in general, if you live in Greece and earn money anywhere in the world, you will pay tax on that money in Greece.
I am going to accept a job in Dublin, Irealnd but I also have an opportunity of getting a work contract in the Czech Republic.
", which says: The last European nations to decriminalise infidelity were Austria, in 1997, and Romania, in 2006.
Full story I have been living in Czech Republic for several years, I am a foreigner from another EU country with a right of living in Czech Republic without a visa.

provisional, mb, lamp, lhd, byte, dt, kb, gb, embodiment, trait
A couple of thumb drives I got say they are 16 GB but on the back say: 1MB = 1,000,000 bytes / 1GB = 1,000,000,000 bytes This definition is the reason why I've accepted the false advertising on hard drive space, even though conventionally: 1KB = 1024 bytes 1MB = 1024x1024 bytes 1GB = 1024x1024x1024 bytes and not 1KB = 1000 bytes 1MB = 1000x1000 bytes 1GB = 1000x1000x1000 bytes As we get to higher levels the amount of space that is lost by this rounding down increases.
This is because the provisional needs to be able to support the non-provisional.
Your definitions of KB, MB, and GB are incorrect. 1024 bytes is properly termed a kibibyte (or KiB), not a kilobyte.
As I understand it the rigor required of a provisional patenta is less than that of a non provisional patent.
According to the California Vehicle Code, "No vehicle shall be driven at any time with the parking lamps lighted except when the lamps are being used as turn signal lamps or when the headlamps are also lighted.
Does a provisional patent offer the same protection as a complete patent? I am quite confused as to the protection that a provisional patent offers in Australia.
It is an artistic representation of a lamp screen with recognizable traits, together with text.
client=tie=UTF-8oe=UTF-8dt=bddt=exdt=lddt=mddt=qcadt=rwdt=rmdt=ssdt=tdt=atq=catsl=entl=frhl=entk And process server respond that is the translation of word “cat” from English to French then show the result on user desktop.
3 Mb/s". 1 Mb/s" internet service. 3 Mb/s and doesn't really vary between 3 and 7, and most certainly can never reach the advertised 7 Mb/s.
Or bused people to another LHD for training. This is my argumentation: The LHD never had implied consent, because it never had any intention of honouring any expression of autonomy that was orthogonal to its own self-interest.

toll, latin, english, germanic, spelling, throne, tolling, word, verb, language
The cognates of the Germanic source words in Latin, are not the same as the Latin word spelled in almost the same way as the Germanic source word which is the Latin root for the legal meaning.
com/news/2015-03-30/heres-why-queen-elizabeth-ii-didnt-sit-on-the-iron-throne : “Apparently the Queen of England [sic] is not allowed to sit on a foreign throne,” explained Benioff during an interview with Late Night host Seth Meyers.
Yes, there is a lot of Latin in English law. Many jurisdictions have made a concerted effort to replace Latin terms with English except where the terms are common outside legal circles - a lot of Latin terms are sufficiently Anglicised that they can be considered English.
That or she decided the Iron Throne didn't look very comfy! There's no law as such; it's just an age-old mark of respect that a visiting Royal not sit on your throne.
I want to prepare a dictionary(English to Turkish) consisting of example sentences And for a list of English words, I use "Oxford Dictionary of Current English".
In the german language, in jurisprudence, we have lots of latin terms / expressions, because latin expressions seem to be more exact.
Is there an official UK law that gives the spelling of each word? I wonder if there is a similar thing for British English.
The verb dates (first in style (sense 2 of the verb)) from the early 16th century.
Indian English follows British English in this regard. British English "the Government" translates into American English as "the Executive".
Leasing is the verb form of lease. Let and lease are variations of the same word; the former is more common in British English and the latter more common in American English.

exposure, chemical, skin, exposed, weakness, cancer, dichlorvos, toxic, toxicity, delayed
He washed off the dichlorvos with soap and water (6). 5 DERMAL EXPOSURE A) OVERVIEW 1) Systemic effects can occur from dermal exposure to organophosphates.
My question is: According to this definition, are the gas chambers used by Hitler chemical weapons and, does the lethal injection currently in use also qualify as a chemical weapon?
I've been exposed to a toxic chemical 5 days a week for 2+ years at work because I was improperly trained and told it was safe to use without gloves.
8 mandates a list, and defines "known to the state" A chemical is known to the state to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity within the meaning of this chapter if in the opinion of the state’s qualified experts it has been clearly shown through scientifically valid testing according to generally accepted principles to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity, or if a body considered to be authoritative by such experts has formally identified it as causing cancer or reproductive toxicity, or if an agency of the state or federal government has formally required it to be labeled or identified as causing cancer or reproductive toxicity.
In the Game, you can have Unlockable Skins for your Basketball, and some of those Skins are recognizable icons or things from other games like they have a Pokeball Skin, its not perfectly like a Pokeball but you can clearly identify it as a Pokeball.
Any problems you have (lung cancer) would need to be proven as a direct consequence of one specific (or prolonged) exposure.
If I'm charged with a crime for misuse of a pesticide based on an EPA regulation, but it turns out my use was actually tiny and either not worth prosecuting or not enough to get a conviction, my neighbor can still sue me if his dog died after eating a rose that my pesticide spilled onto.
Each skin corresponds to a single sponsor and there is one skin per sponsor. The player can choose his car skin freely while the computer-controlled opponents have the skin chosen randomly.
rapid7 and trustedsec develop professional penetration testing software rapid7 also sells a pro version of metasploit...
Does that make water a "chemical weapon?" In gas chambers these devices were employed in a manner specifically to cause the death of masses of persons through direct exposure to the chemical HCN.

vegetarian, rutgers, ipfs, singapore, daca, chancellor, undocumented, would, steward, dream
I got vegetarian food on the Hyderabad to Singapore flight (he shorter one) without any fuss, but on the Singapore to Brisbane flight, the crew said this was not possible.
What constitutes a vegetarian menu item? What are the consequences of advertising or claiming a dish as vegetarian when in fact it contains a non-vegetarian ingredient?
Sincerely, Robert Barchi, President Nancy Cantor, Chancellor, Rutgers University–Newark Deba Dutta, Chancellor, Rutgers University–New Brunswick Phoebe Haddon, Chancellor, Rutgers University–Camden Brian Strom, Chancellor, Rutgers Biomedical and Health Sciences Politically, I feel that it should be illegal for a public university to send out an email like that to its students.
In Singapore, is this a fine able offense? Also what are laws in Singapore that tourists should be aware off?
But why would cancelling DACA be illegal? This supposedly prevents Trump from rescinding the DACA program.
Also the reason I went to see him had nothing at all to do with dreams. I went to see a counsellor at my university and he said he wanted to do dream interpretation with me.
What could the Singapore authorities do to collect the fine from that person? Suppose a Canadian citizen is accused of committing various acts in Singapore which are punished with a fine (littering, selling gum and hacking into wifi).
Drug is illegal in Singapore. Anyway, what I want to ask is if there is any law or convictions in Singapore where people in jail because of i-doser
One issue that has not been conclusively decided by the courts is the constitutionality of DACA protections.
Long Answer Normally cross jurisdictional efforts to enforce criminal laws are handled by extradition treaties, such as any in effect between Singapore and South Africa, or between Singapore and Canada.

numeral, turner, suffix, william, naming, name, numerical, trademark, law, product
Thus, a child could be named "John William Turner III," but not "John William Turner 3" or "John William 3 Turner.
(The right-turner got there first. The u-turner hit the brakes, honked, and gestured as if he had the right of way.
Does our numeral system affect it? If we used base 7 (so "10 years" will mean 7 years, "20 years" will mean 14 years and so on), would courts sentence the same?
org includes this copyright notice under the poem Copyright © 1962 by William Carlos Williams.
(Bryan Garner&mdash;I'll let his Wikipedia page speak for itself&mdash;says you should avoid word-numeral doublets so that this isn't even an issue.)
Thus if, for instance, a King Robert or a King James came to the throne he might well be designated by the numeral appropriate to the Scottish succession, thereby emphasising that our Royal Family traces its descent through the English Royal line from William the Conqueror and beyond, and through the Scottish Royal line from Robert the Bruce and Malcolm Canmore and still further back.
It includes divisions all the way down to subclauses (the things identified with capital roman numerals: I, II, III).
So yes I think it is child abuse and borderline sexual assualt. Also the penis grows fast and extensively during puberty and that would hurt to have your pp hole split by a metal bar bc your mom is an entitled parent.
Does the sister have any legal means to take this money back? There was no written agreement for repayment, and it was understood that this was a gift of one family member helping another.
As Grade 'Eh' Bacon has pointed out, stack exchange's law site will be able to answer your question better than we can.

jd, ostensible, boiler, supermarket, hydrolevel, llb, miller, oxford, ba, josephine
B in 1965 (Cambridge University), LL. M in 1988 (Cambridge University), LL. So why did these 'legal eagles' NOT do an LLM, in place of the second LLB or JD?
ASME's interpretation was used by McDonnell and Miller salesmen as proof of Hydrolevel's noncompliance.
For example, consider a national supermarket chain: The cashier has ostensible authority to sell the supermarket’s goods.
Why is Miller's case titled R (Miller)? R (Miller) v Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union The meaning of R is Regina (Queen).
Does it matter whether Josephine accepts the offer? (Since, ostensibly, Josephine would be getting all that she is due.
Her migraine can be only treated with a triptan on Oxford's formulary, but not her own area's, like Eletriptan.
I'm a JD. The reason is exactly this: A person of reason is to PhD as a lawyer is to a JD.
Let's say your non-profit organization was going to be called the "Sunshine Coast Bicyclists", on paper it would be "Sunshine Coast Bicyclists Society" but you could carry on as simply "Sunshine Coast Bicyclists" informally.
I am looking to find out if a chairman of a NASDAQ-listed company can serve another company as the chairman.
Pizza or rotisserie chicken baked in the supermarket itself. The fuzzy area is food that is prepared in supermarkets.

distributor, bobby, romeo, juliet, embryo, kumaran, chew, lampshade, wholesaler, sole
Kumaran develops novel lampshades. On 1 May 2016, he emailed Bobby and Chew, both wholesalers, to whom he had previously sold lampshades.
On 1 May 2016, he emailed Bobby and Chew, both wholesalers, to whom he had previously sold lampshades.
This should encourage potential recipients of the embryo to donate to charity. You cannot require them to donate to charity in exchange for your permission to use the embryo, just because you don't get paid directly doesn't change this.
I have a left over embryo from IVF which I plan to donate to someone else so they can have a child.
Capulet, Juliet's father. On the contrary, Romeo abhorres the idea of living far from Juliet and refuses the money.
If Bobby is in Australia, it might be more complicated; if Bobby is in Norway, it's simpler because they don't have the posting rule.
The example that is often used is "Romeo and Juliet" vs. That may not be true for musicians.
At the very least the arrangement would be unenforceable: they could make the donation and you could refuse to hand over the embryo or vice-versa.
We're studying the play Romeo and Juliet, and she wants us to ask our parents about their dating experiences.
That's especially the case if I know a wholesaler where I can get any number of that item (within reason).

law, would, case, state, person, court, legal, company, could, may
So yes I think it is child abuse and borderline sexual assualt. Also the penis grows fast and extensively during puberty and that would hurt to have your pp hole split by a metal bar bc your mom is an entitled parent.
Does this apply to all states in the US? And if the judge did and the priest refused, would the priest be held in contempt?
Though Section 52 of Indian Copyright Act provides a list of acts which aren't to be regarded as copyright infringement, but many of the things in the list are ambiguous and you'll have to check with a lawyer if they apply or not.
It is the mark owner's responsibility to enforce protection of their trademark, or else risk losing it for not helping defend the public from confusion about which goods are genuinely from the brand.
Can random countries just seize vessels in international waters if they decide the vessel is dirty?
The phrase "the law" encompasses not just a particular statute, but all statutes, all regulations that have the force of law, all treaties, the constitution, and all judicially created case law, not just statutes which come into being through the passage of bills as acts by the legislature.
I doubt that a coast guard or naval ship of a signatory state would impound such a ship while it is actually in international waters, although I have no hard evidence for that assumption.
For that matter could a member of a hospital allow it to occur without violating their legal responsibilities?
Are there laws/regulations governing this? Barring the even more ridiculous case of Congress repealing everything and passing the exact same laws again, just under different Titles/Chapters/etc, would it be possible for Congress to arbitrarily merge, combine, and delete Titles, and to rearrange the location of laws, definitions, etc?
For example, the enactment of Title 51 repealed a bunch of Title 42 and its enacting legislation and re-enacted much of the same law anew in Title 51.

java, oracle, seed, api, fmla, sql, farmer, mysql, crypto, recertification
The "declaring code and the structure, sequence, and organization of the API packages" is what Google took and what the CAFC held was entitled to copyright protection.
What would happen is that a neighboring farm would be using Monsanto's genetically modified seed and some of the pollen would drift over into the natural farmers soybeans and cross polinate them.
The National Football League (NFL), Major League Baseball (MLB), National Basketball Association (NBA) and the National Hockey League (NHL) are, essentially, professional sports monopolies.
For example, planting soybeans intended for the food market (Bowman v Monsanto), and harvesting, storing, and replanting Roundup resistant beans discovered on his property (Monsanto v Schmeiser 2004 SCC 34, para 60-68).
AFAIK there is no licensing deal and we use most of the Java packages for which Oracle sued Google.
My question is this simple - can an API (Application Programming Interface) be licensed?
See Oracle v Google. Given that the structure, sequence, and organization of an API can be protected by copyright, the analysis would proceed like this: Is structure, sequence, and organization of the API sufficiently original (a product of a modicum of creativity).
java. These applications may run on the Java platform and be dependent on Oracle Java SE 8 updates beyond 2020.
For example, if Oracle wins the Oracle-Google copyright lawsuit and Google would have to pay Oracle for damages, would Google have to pay the same damages as if the Supreme Court ruled that API was copyrightable before Google's copyright violation?
In the case of Oracle America v. Google, the District Court of Northern California ruled on whether or not Google's reimplementation of 37 Java APIs constituted fair use.

party, would, law, right, may, citizenship, contract, license, new, even
So yes I think it is child abuse and borderline sexual assualt. Also the penis grows fast and extensively during puberty and that would hurt to have your pp hole split by a metal bar bc your mom is an entitled parent.
Does this apply to all states in the US? And if the judge did and the priest refused, would the priest be held in contempt?
Though Section 52 of Indian Copyright Act provides a list of acts which aren't to be regarded as copyright infringement, but many of the things in the list are ambiguous and you'll have to check with a lawyer if they apply or not.
It is the mark owner's responsibility to enforce protection of their trademark, or else risk losing it for not helping defend the public from confusion about which goods are genuinely from the brand.
Can random countries just seize vessels in international waters if they decide the vessel is dirty?
The phrase "the law" encompasses not just a particular statute, but all statutes, all regulations that have the force of law, all treaties, the constitution, and all judicially created case law, not just statutes which come into being through the passage of bills as acts by the legislature.
I doubt that a coast guard or naval ship of a signatory state would impound such a ship while it is actually in international waters, although I have no hard evidence for that assumption.
For that matter could a member of a hospital allow it to occur without violating their legal responsibilities?
Are there laws/regulations governing this? Barring the even more ridiculous case of Congress repealing everything and passing the exact same laws again, just under different Titles/Chapters/etc, would it be possible for Congress to arbitrarily merge, combine, and delete Titles, and to rearrange the location of laws, definitions, etc?
For example, the enactment of Title 51 repealed a bunch of Title 42 and its enacting legislation and re-enacted much of the same law anew in Title 51.

court, would, question, case, legal, information, user, one, law, right
So yes I think it is child abuse and borderline sexual assualt. Also the penis grows fast and extensively during puberty and that would hurt to have your pp hole split by a metal bar bc your mom is an entitled parent.
Does this apply to all states in the US? And if the judge did and the priest refused, would the priest be held in contempt?
Though Section 52 of Indian Copyright Act provides a list of acts which aren't to be regarded as copyright infringement, but many of the things in the list are ambiguous and you'll have to check with a lawyer if they apply or not.
It is the mark owner's responsibility to enforce protection of their trademark, or else risk losing it for not helping defend the public from confusion about which goods are genuinely from the brand.
Can random countries just seize vessels in international waters if they decide the vessel is dirty?
The phrase "the law" encompasses not just a particular statute, but all statutes, all regulations that have the force of law, all treaties, the constitution, and all judicially created case law, not just statutes which come into being through the passage of bills as acts by the legislature.
I doubt that a coast guard or naval ship of a signatory state would impound such a ship while it is actually in international waters, although I have no hard evidence for that assumption.
For that matter could a member of a hospital allow it to occur without violating their legal responsibilities?
Are there laws/regulations governing this? Barring the even more ridiculous case of Congress repealing everything and passing the exact same laws again, just under different Titles/Chapters/etc, would it be possible for Congress to arbitrarily merge, combine, and delete Titles, and to rearrange the location of laws, definitions, etc?
For example, the enactment of Title 51 repealed a bunch of Title 42 and its enacting legislation and re-enacted much of the same law anew in Title 51.

prize, drawing, raffle, lottery, ticket, bpa, shkreli, chance, would, receptacle
26 Sale of raffle tickets; drawings A. Before a prize drawing, each stub or other detachable section of each ticket sold or won through some other authorized charitable game conducted by the same organization holding the raffle, shall be placed into a receptacle from which the winning tickets are drawn.
What about products that do not contain BPA? Is it unlawful to provide the warning for BPA in a consumable product that doesn't contain BPA?
Why might Martin Shkreli's lawyer announce to the public that Shkreli's not making any more statements?
Now if the raffle holder decides not to award either prize, am entitled to the prize/value of prize or a refund of purchase price of ticket or nothing at all?
Would Apple allow an app where you can purchase a lottery ticket through PayPal and go into the chance to win, with the winners money going to a PayPal account?
Before I could give the prize to this person though I lost the prize. I was awarded a prize to the value of about £50.
Unless you won the prize through fraud, no reasonable person would expect you to pay for a replacement prize.
Your colleague is right (probably) Competitions based on skill that offer prizes to the competitors are not gambling - the $40,000AUD prize for the winner of the Stawell Gift, the $1.
Lottery Bureau). Assuming that the raffle is legal, the right to a prize falls within contract law (Thao v.
You can still receive the prize if you are a U.S. (One could imagine an exception if lottery tickets, for example, were payable in marijuana.)

compound, diabetes, case, court, would, law, one, legal, may, party
If the prior art does not describe using the compound (or another compound that one of ordinary skill in the art might expect to act similarly) to treat diabetes in any way, then the method might be as broad as any way of treating diabetes with the compound.
A compound called CxHyOz in the history has been discovered as an antibiotic for killing bacteria.
I came across this question on a life insurance form: My biological parents or biological siblings have been diagnosed by a member of the medical profession with any of the following: cancer, heart disease, diabetes, kidney disease, Huntington's Disease, Marfan Syndrome, or Lynch Syndrome My father died with heart disease listed as the cause of death, but he was not diagnosed with heart disease.
Short answer: two words as opposed to a compound word are similar enough that that would cause infringement.
Cult members live in a common compound and live all aspects of life within the compound.
They were giving her contraindicative drugs, treating her for diabetes, which she did not have and she told me they were giving her "fake" dialysis.
This would depend on whether the particular compound is "a staple article or commodity of commerce suitable for substantial noninfringing use".
More specifically, there is a compound object "right to attend any meeting of members and to exercise one vote for every share held", that may not be conferred.
Nor does it protect other mere listings of ingredients such as those found in formulas, compounds, or prescriptions.
But using a software license provided by your employer will not give them any rights to the work you produce.

apple, orange, pear, state, would, contract, company, law, legal, use
For example, if I just have two terms: deliver apples and/or oranges could be replaced with: deliver apples, oranges or both so the valid results are: [ "apples", "oranges", "apples and oranges"] Now, I would like to do the same for the following sentence: deliver apples, oranges and/or pears So the valid results are: [ "apples", "oranges", "pears", "apples and oranges", "apples and pears", "oranges and pears", "apples, oranges and pears" ]
Can Apple prevent me from saying that "my product is for Apple computer"? For example, if I manufacture mouse for Apple computer, can I advertisement that my mouse is for Apple computer?
AINAL - Apple Is Not A Lawyer, and AINYL - Apple Is Not Your Lawyer. Only if you want to use Apple's trademarks.
So, my questions are: Does Apple consider an image of a real apple to be a variation of the Apple logo?
However, there is a URL scheme for Apple Maps, which is intended by Apple for sharing locations on Apple Maps.
In California, Apple offers support for 7 years "as required by statute. " What statute requires Apple to offer extended lifecycle hardware repair service in California?
We can't know for sure that Apple considers to be the case, but it is fair to conclude that someone at Apple considers an image of a real apple to be a variation of the Apple logo.
On the other hand, if you want to say that buyer shall make a selection of said number of fruits choosing freely from apples, oranges or pears, then you say that.
For example, John Apple == John Apple Pear Jane Pear == Jane Apple Pear The goal would be to have matching last names to avoid problems with things like hospital visitations, child pickups, etc.
Suppose you sell oranges under the trademark-protected name "Jerzy's oranges," with a goods and services description reading "the sale of oranges.

law, would, country, right, copyright, may, legal, rule, person, use
So yes I think it is child abuse and borderline sexual assualt. Also the penis grows fast and extensively during puberty and that would hurt to have your pp hole split by a metal bar bc your mom is an entitled parent.
Does this apply to all states in the US? And if the judge did and the priest refused, would the priest be held in contempt?
Though Section 52 of Indian Copyright Act provides a list of acts which aren't to be regarded as copyright infringement, but many of the things in the list are ambiguous and you'll have to check with a lawyer if they apply or not.
It is the mark owner's responsibility to enforce protection of their trademark, or else risk losing it for not helping defend the public from confusion about which goods are genuinely from the brand.
Can random countries just seize vessels in international waters if they decide the vessel is dirty?
The phrase "the law" encompasses not just a particular statute, but all statutes, all regulations that have the force of law, all treaties, the constitution, and all judicially created case law, not just statutes which come into being through the passage of bills as acts by the legislature.
I doubt that a coast guard or naval ship of a signatory state would impound such a ship while it is actually in international waters, although I have no hard evidence for that assumption.
For that matter could a member of a hospital allow it to occur without violating their legal responsibilities?
Are there laws/regulations governing this? Barring the even more ridiculous case of Congress repealing everything and passing the exact same laws again, just under different Titles/Chapters/etc, would it be possible for Congress to arbitrarily merge, combine, and delete Titles, and to rearrange the location of laws, definitions, etc?
For example, the enactment of Title 51 repealed a bunch of Title 42 and its enacting legislation and re-enacted much of the same law anew in Title 51.

contract, law, would, give, use, right, lawyer, evidence, question, case
So yes I think it is child abuse and borderline sexual assualt. Also the penis grows fast and extensively during puberty and that would hurt to have your pp hole split by a metal bar bc your mom is an entitled parent.
Does this apply to all states in the US? And if the judge did and the priest refused, would the priest be held in contempt?
Though Section 52 of Indian Copyright Act provides a list of acts which aren't to be regarded as copyright infringement, but many of the things in the list are ambiguous and you'll have to check with a lawyer if they apply or not.
It is the mark owner's responsibility to enforce protection of their trademark, or else risk losing it for not helping defend the public from confusion about which goods are genuinely from the brand.
Can random countries just seize vessels in international waters if they decide the vessel is dirty?
The phrase "the law" encompasses not just a particular statute, but all statutes, all regulations that have the force of law, all treaties, the constitution, and all judicially created case law, not just statutes which come into being through the passage of bills as acts by the legislature.
I doubt that a coast guard or naval ship of a signatory state would impound such a ship while it is actually in international waters, although I have no hard evidence for that assumption.
For that matter could a member of a hospital allow it to occur without violating their legal responsibilities?
Are there laws/regulations governing this? Barring the even more ridiculous case of Congress repealing everything and passing the exact same laws again, just under different Titles/Chapters/etc, would it be possible for Congress to arbitrarily merge, combine, and delete Titles, and to rearrange the location of laws, definitions, etc?
For example, the enactment of Title 51 repealed a bunch of Title 42 and its enacting legislation and re-enacted much of the same law anew in Title 51.

law, state, may, property, business, service, use, person, company, also
So yes I think it is child abuse and borderline sexual assualt. Also the penis grows fast and extensively during puberty and that would hurt to have your pp hole split by a metal bar bc your mom is an entitled parent.
Does this apply to all states in the US? And if the judge did and the priest refused, would the priest be held in contempt?
Though Section 52 of Indian Copyright Act provides a list of acts which aren't to be regarded as copyright infringement, but many of the things in the list are ambiguous and you'll have to check with a lawyer if they apply or not.
It is the mark owner's responsibility to enforce protection of their trademark, or else risk losing it for not helping defend the public from confusion about which goods are genuinely from the brand.
Can random countries just seize vessels in international waters if they decide the vessel is dirty?
The phrase "the law" encompasses not just a particular statute, but all statutes, all regulations that have the force of law, all treaties, the constitution, and all judicially created case law, not just statutes which come into being through the passage of bills as acts by the legislature.
I doubt that a coast guard or naval ship of a signatory state would impound such a ship while it is actually in international waters, although I have no hard evidence for that assumption.
For that matter could a member of a hospital allow it to occur without violating their legal responsibilities?
Are there laws/regulations governing this? Barring the even more ridiculous case of Congress repealing everything and passing the exact same laws again, just under different Titles/Chapters/etc, would it be possible for Congress to arbitrarily merge, combine, and delete Titles, and to rearrange the location of laws, definitions, etc?
For example, the enactment of Title 51 repealed a bunch of Title 42 and its enacting legislation and re-enacted much of the same law anew in Title 51.

dns, server, ddos, attack, ntsb, stress, upstream, test, cloudflare, uscode
You don't think a DDOS test will inflict "damage. But there are many other factors involved in a DDOS attack test other than the one DNS service: you need to consider each ISP, each upstream provider, each network between the DNS service and the target server, in each country, as a DDOS attack - even a controlled stress test - creates huge amounts of traffic all across each network and as such costs time and money to each.
, from public-dns. But there are many other factors involved in a DDOS stress test other than the one DNS service: you need to consider each ISP, each upstream provider, each network between the DNS service and the target server, in each country, as a DDOS attack - even a controlled stress test - creates huge amounts of traffic all across each network and as such costs time and money to each.
I read on this Cloudflare's blog post that hackers use misconfigured DNS servers to amplify their attacks.
Amyways, I want to try out an amplified DDOS attack using either an NTP server (which I think is public) or public DNS server.
There is a new twist on the DDOS (distributed denial-of-service) attack vector which has been used for taking down servers on the internet.
I have a shared hosting webspace on a linux server. For example: the files on the server hardware information (cpu temperature, free disk space, ...
3) Is it illegal to join a private server for games that require a server? You can host MineCraft servers, and even modify the server code.
I bought that server and have receipts. How should I go about getting the server back?
And how was TPB, under Swedish law, able to reclaim its servers and control of thepiratebay.
Then my question is: Is it possible to renounce all responsibility for files on a web server or file server and put it on the User?

merchandise, np, remarriage, vic, unordered, maintenance, computational, brilliant, would, one
[2] A common mistake is thinking that the NP in "NP-hard" stands for "non-polynomial".
If I purchase merchandise in a physical store, and then (accidentally or not) leave the merchandise at the store after I've paid for it, is the store allowed to resell that merchandise to another customer?
Otherwise the merchandise may be treated as unordered merchandise. Moreover, customers who receive unordered merchandise are legally entitled to treat the merchandise as a gift.
I read the QA for "Can I make fan merchandise and sell it? I was looking at merchandise for my favorite group, but it was so expensive.
He thought he was smart enough to escape culpability if he didn't directly handle the actual merchandise sold on the Silk Road (marketplace) - Wikipedia, but there was overwhelming evidence that he conspired to sell the merchandise, the merchandise was illegal, that he had proxies to accept money and launder it and proxies to ship the merchandise, and that's what convinced the jury.
As long as the merchandise is addressed to you, you may keep it. By law, you may keep the merchandise and consider it a gift.
(c) No mailer of any merchandise mailed in violation of subsection (a) of this section, or within the exceptions contained therein, shall mail to any recipient of such merchandise a bill for such merchandise or any dunning communications.
I have noticed that there are online shops in China that sell rock music merchandise for cheap.
But, the parties may, by agreement, provide that maintenance does not terminate upon remarriage.
) would look very unkindly upon a waiver which was provided by an operator in clear conflict with the operator's commitment to the NPS.

brief, amicus, curia, timeframe, overpayment, motion, helicopter, court, party, would
I submitted an amicus curiae brief to a federal case and it was rejected on the grounds I had no permission from the court to submit one, however, in the brief itself, at the beginning I specifically asked for permission to submit the brief.
Any other amicus curiae may file a brief only by leave of court or if the brief states that all parties have consented to its filing.
In addition to all of this, a guide to filing amicus curiae briefs can be found here.
Source: Army helicopter pilots quit in overpayment row The BBC reported that army helicopter pilots were over paid, and that the Ministry of Defence is aiming to recoup the over payments.
Hoffman did the oral argument, and Crosby worked on the brief (Hoffman likely also worked on the brief).
I'm no lawyer and nothing is legal advice - amicus curiae might allow you write your concern as "friend of the court" Or, you need to piggyback onto someone who objects with you as expert witness of some sort, so that your words are some sort of admissible expert opinion
That is done by filing a complaint or suit (for instance, asking for injunctive relief), a motion in an ongoing judicial proceeding, or an Amicus Brief (with its accompanying motion to submit amicus brief) regarding that judicial proceeding.
For more legitimate cases, briefs can often be found on either SCOTUSBlog or the ABA's briefs page, but not in this case.
Accidental overpayment is just one way this can happen. Any tax overpayments will be refunded after you file your tax return next year.
And here is the Appellant's Opening Brief in Jaffe v Roberts et al. 15-56328. may provide the rationale sought.

case, state, law, would, court, country, group, religious, legal, pardon
So yes I think it is child abuse and borderline sexual assualt. Also the penis grows fast and extensively during puberty and that would hurt to have your pp hole split by a metal bar bc your mom is an entitled parent.
Does this apply to all states in the US? And if the judge did and the priest refused, would the priest be held in contempt?
Though Section 52 of Indian Copyright Act provides a list of acts which aren't to be regarded as copyright infringement, but many of the things in the list are ambiguous and you'll have to check with a lawyer if they apply or not.
It is the mark owner's responsibility to enforce protection of their trademark, or else risk losing it for not helping defend the public from confusion about which goods are genuinely from the brand.
Can random countries just seize vessels in international waters if they decide the vessel is dirty?
The phrase "the law" encompasses not just a particular statute, but all statutes, all regulations that have the force of law, all treaties, the constitution, and all judicially created case law, not just statutes which come into being through the passage of bills as acts by the legislature.
I doubt that a coast guard or naval ship of a signatory state would impound such a ship while it is actually in international waters, although I have no hard evidence for that assumption.
For that matter could a member of a hospital allow it to occur without violating their legal responsibilities?
Are there laws/regulations governing this? Barring the even more ridiculous case of Congress repealing everything and passing the exact same laws again, just under different Titles/Chapters/etc, would it be possible for Congress to arbitrarily merge, combine, and delete Titles, and to rearrange the location of laws, definitions, etc?
For example, the enactment of Title 51 repealed a bunch of Title 42 and its enacting legislation and re-enacted much of the same law anew in Title 51.

law, state, would, work, use, right, one, government, also, time
So yes I think it is child abuse and borderline sexual assualt. Also the penis grows fast and extensively during puberty and that would hurt to have your pp hole split by a metal bar bc your mom is an entitled parent.
Does this apply to all states in the US? And if the judge did and the priest refused, would the priest be held in contempt?
Though Section 52 of Indian Copyright Act provides a list of acts which aren't to be regarded as copyright infringement, but many of the things in the list are ambiguous and you'll have to check with a lawyer if they apply or not.
It is the mark owner's responsibility to enforce protection of their trademark, or else risk losing it for not helping defend the public from confusion about which goods are genuinely from the brand.
Can random countries just seize vessels in international waters if they decide the vessel is dirty?
The phrase "the law" encompasses not just a particular statute, but all statutes, all regulations that have the force of law, all treaties, the constitution, and all judicially created case law, not just statutes which come into being through the passage of bills as acts by the legislature.
I doubt that a coast guard or naval ship of a signatory state would impound such a ship while it is actually in international waters, although I have no hard evidence for that assumption.
For that matter could a member of a hospital allow it to occur without violating their legal responsibilities?
Are there laws/regulations governing this? Barring the even more ridiculous case of Congress repealing everything and passing the exact same laws again, just under different Titles/Chapters/etc, would it be possible for Congress to arbitrarily merge, combine, and delete Titles, and to rearrange the location of laws, definitions, etc?
For example, the enactment of Title 51 repealed a bunch of Title 42 and its enacting legislation and re-enacted much of the same law anew in Title 51.

discretionary, stgb, syo, chuck, prius, tomato, filipino, trim, buffalo, bob
): § 174 StGB (and § 174a, § 174b, § 174c), § 176 StGB (and § 176a, § 176b), § 179 StGB and § 182 StGB define sexual abuse.
" Classes of felonies in Delaware (and generally) Ohio (or non-classed such as murder) Aggravated Murder  Murder If the juvenile is 14-17 years old – mandatory SYO sentence If the juvenile is 10-13 years old – discretionary SYO sentence If the juvenile is under 10 years old – up to 90 days in a detention facility Fine up to $2000 Attempted Aggravated Murder or Attempted Murder If the juvenile is 14-17 years old – mandatory SYO sentence 10-13 years old – discretionary SYO sentence under 10 years old – up to 90 days in a detention facility Maximum $2000 fine 1st Degree Felony 16-17 years old – mandatory SYO sentence if factors are present; discretionary SYO sentence if no factors are present 14-15 years old – discretionary SYO sentence 10-13 years old – discretionary SYO if factors are present under 10 years old – up to 90 days in a detention facility Maximum $1500 fine 2nd Degree Felony 14-17 years old – discretionary SYO sentence 12-13 – discretionary SYO sentence if factors are present under 12 years old – up to 90 days in a detention facility Max Fine: $1000 3rd Degree Felony 16-17 years old – discretionary SYO sentence 14-15 – discretionary SYO sentence if factors are present under 14 years old – up to 90 days in a detention facility Fine up to $750 4th Degree Felony 16-17 years old – discretionary SYO sentence if factors are present under 16 years old – up to 90 days in a detention facility $400 Max fine 5th Degree Felony 16-17 years old – discretionary SYO if factors are present under 16 years old – up to 90 days in a detention facility Max $500 Fine
I think it is saying that it is not discretionary because the law that has grown up around discretionary decisions are such that the judge effectively has no discretion (i.e.
I did some more research, and found that when new a 2014 Prius c Two sold for about $4,000 less than a 2014 Prius c Four.
The paint on this metal trim is flaking off. I assume having the "full use" of the property means I can repaint the trim.
There are no mentions of Filipino being "required" or "exempted", thus the ambiguity on whether Filipino citizens should pay or not.
If you aren’t the intended recipient of the password-protected file: StGB § 202a makes it illegal to access this file StGB § 202c makes it illegal to obtain (e.g.
The groping is bodily harm by itself. To the bonus question: Since Chuck would have to use the other hand, he might end up with fingers in both hands broken.
On the contrary, a major scandal involving tomato souce reported that most of the ingredients came from China, but can be legally labeled Italian tomatoes.
These units may also be called Special Units and a Unit Trust with discretionary units may also be referred to as a Hybrid Trust in that it is partly a discretionary trust and a Unit Trust; So, "discretionary units" already give a great deal of flexibility in the way income is distributed to unitholders...

de, la, french, bylaw, et, translation, inheritance, en, microsoft, el
El heredero que se hubiese reservado el derecho de deliberar, deberá manifestar al Notario, dentro de treinta días contados desde el siguiente a aquel en que se hubiese concluido el inventario, si repudia o acepta la herencia y si hace uso o no del beneficio de inventario.
6 of Real Decreto de 24 de julio de 1889 por el que se publica el C&oacute;digo Civil and art.
L'éditeur français chargé de la traduction possède les droits de traduction et publication du contenu payant ET gratuit.
Salariés exclus Toutefois, le salarié n'y a pas droit en cas de licenciement pour faute lourde, et uniquement pour les congés acquis durant la période de référence en cours.
167, il a cédé ses droits à un éditeur d’un périodique ou les a placés sous une licence simple ou exclusive, le droit de mettre le manuscrit gratuitement à la disposition du public en libre accès après un délai de douze mois pour les sciences humaines et sociales et six mois pour les autres sciences, après la première publication, dans un périodique, moyennant mention de la source de la première publication.
eu/'s translations, with entry 'EN Prosecutor': EN public prosecutor DE Leitender Oberstaatsanwalt FR procureur de la République IT procuratore della Repubblica EN public prosecutor's office DE Staatsanwaltschaft FR parquet / ministère public IT procura / pubblico ministero Comments on translations are welcome too.
] Número de Identificación Fiscal atribuido por la Administración tributaria española o, en su caso, por la de otro Estado miembro de la Unión Europea, con el que ha realizado la operación el obligado a expedir la factura.
2213-6 du code général des Collectivités territoriales et de l’article L. Une zone contiguë d’au moins 1,60 mètre de largeur doit être réservée à la circulation des piétons.
For example, current developer frameworks that are licensed for creating a Ribbon UI include: Microsoft Ribbon for Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) Windows Ribbon Framework Microsoft Windows SDK for Windows 7 and the .
Le opere orfane possono essere utilizzate dalle organizzazioni di cui al comma 1 unicamente per scopi connessi alla loro missione di interesse pubblico, in particolare la conservazione, il restauro e la concessione dell'accesso a fini culturali e formativi di opere e fonogrammi contenuti nelle proprie collezioni.

kernel, mod, linux, space, authored, use, work, protectable, law, public
So all you're doing that other programs don't do is this: Linux -> Kernel Mods -> Program Here, the kernel mods are clearly a derivative work of the Linux kernel.
Or is this a situation where the modification of the kernel implicitly creates a dependency that turn the the combination of the user-space program with the modified kernel into derived work?
If you want to change and reinstall the Linux kernel, you need to find a phone that will let you do that.
net not LAN), you are not allowed to mod the game at all, obviously! For instance Diablo II was open and moddable, and some wonderful mods came out of that.
Since Android is based on the Linux kernel and that has GPLv2 licensing which, among other things, requires source code distribution, this is a violation.
I don't really care about the mod anymore but can I get into legal trouble for this?
Could I make something like this: This software cannot bet used in operating systems that use a Linux kernel or a kernel derived from Linux kernel.
Using the available mod privileges I have I go through the mod queue when I can, and improve questions/answers where I can.
KVM's parts are licensed under various GNU licenses: KVM kernel module: GPL v2 KVM user module: LGPL v2 QEMU virtual CPU core library (libqemu.
Thanks to the existing mods for their hard work supporting a remarkably fast beta graduation!

indemnified, puppy, indemnifying, breeder, broadband, worm, breed, commencement, dial, party
The one puppy has a hold in her heart and both puppies have worms. The condition of this breeder was horrible.
2 (an "Indemnifying Party"), promptly notify in writing the Indemnifying Party of the commencement thereof; but the omission to so notify the Indemnifying Party will not relieve it from any liability which it may have to the Indemnified Party except to the extent the Indemnifying Party is prejudiced by the delay or failure to notify it.
According to the FCC Encyclopedia, Types of Broadband Connections: The term broadband commonly refers to high-speed Internet access that is always on and faster than the traditional dial-up access.
) I called other breeders who vouched for her (granted, it's a rare breed, so there aren't a whole boatload of breeders and they all seem to be "good buds") and inspected her home/breeding facilities/puppy care and socialization areas/practices before reserving a puppy, so please no comments about that.
For example, here: (1) This section applies if a trustee incurs an expense or a liability to a creditor and the trustee— (a) has a right to be indemnified from the trust property; or (b) for any reason is not entitled to be indemnified or fully indemnified from the trust property (for example, because the trustee incurred the liability in breach of trust) Also if you search exact phrases "indemnified from the property", "indemnified from property" etc.
I was trying to buy a dog from a breeder (I’m in TX, the breeder is in PA). The breeder told me originally that it was okay to hold the puppy until the middle of December  after that it would cost $50/month, I had no issues with that.
Is "hi-speed internet", legally, the same as "broadband"? But a lot of people generally refer to non-dial-up internet as "hi-speed internet", you don't really see "broadband" in any promotional materials.
Property and Assets are synonyms Indemnified from the property of the trust means that the person so indemnified can be recompensed from the assets of the trust (which could be cash, negotiable instruments, real property, personal property or intellectual property).
It is very difficult to find cats or dogs in Massachusetts that are not either (1) registered breeds sold by breeders (like golden retrievers), (2) shelter animals, or from (3) pet stores.
8 Indemnification Each party hereto (the "Indemnifying Party") agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each other party (each, an "Indemnified Party") and all employees, representatives, directors, officers, shareholders and persons affiliated with the Indemnified Party against all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, settlement costs and any reasonable legal, accounting or other expenses for investigating or defending any actions or threatened actions)(collectively "Losses") incurred by the Indemnified Party arising out of or resulting from (a) the gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud of the Indemnifying Party or (b) a breach by the Indemnifying Party of its representations and warranties, covenants or other obligations under this Agreement.

property, right, would, party, state, may, user, public, law, case
So yes I think it is child abuse and borderline sexual assualt. Also the penis grows fast and extensively during puberty and that would hurt to have your pp hole split by a metal bar bc your mom is an entitled parent.
Does this apply to all states in the US? And if the judge did and the priest refused, would the priest be held in contempt?
Though Section 52 of Indian Copyright Act provides a list of acts which aren't to be regarded as copyright infringement, but many of the things in the list are ambiguous and you'll have to check with a lawyer if they apply or not.
It is the mark owner's responsibility to enforce protection of their trademark, or else risk losing it for not helping defend the public from confusion about which goods are genuinely from the brand.
Can random countries just seize vessels in international waters if they decide the vessel is dirty?
The phrase "the law" encompasses not just a particular statute, but all statutes, all regulations that have the force of law, all treaties, the constitution, and all judicially created case law, not just statutes which come into being through the passage of bills as acts by the legislature.
I doubt that a coast guard or naval ship of a signatory state would impound such a ship while it is actually in international waters, although I have no hard evidence for that assumption.
For that matter could a member of a hospital allow it to occur without violating their legal responsibilities?
Are there laws/regulations governing this? Barring the even more ridiculous case of Congress repealing everything and passing the exact same laws again, just under different Titles/Chapters/etc, would it be possible for Congress to arbitrarily merge, combine, and delete Titles, and to rearrange the location of laws, definitions, etc?
For example, the enactment of Title 51 repealed a bunch of Title 42 and its enacting legislation and re-enacted much of the same law anew in Title 51.

police, would, car, officer, get, could, person, question, right, one
I watched a YouTube video recently which depicted the following situation, and I'd like to learn more about what peoples' rights are and what an officer's obligations are in a situation like this: A filming crew flew a drone above property to photograph a private business operation.
&sect; 141(1)(2) of the Highway Traffic Act says: Where a driver or operator of a vehicle intends to turn to the right into an intersecting highway, he or she shall, where the highway on which he or she is driving has marked lanes for traffic, approach the intersection within the right-hand lane or, where it has no such marked lanes, by keeping immediately to the left of the right curb or edge of the roadway and he or she shall make the right turn by entering the right-hand lane of the intersecting highway where the lane is marked or, where no such lane is marked, by keeping immediately to the left of the right curb or edge of the roadway being entered.
The cop turns on his lights, and I turned left to pull over because there is open parking spot on the right side of the one-way street (only at this point I am facing the wrong way on the one-way) and the cops writes me a ticket.
park the car for the garage (this results on completely blocking the road) passengers will go down call the attention of another driver to remove the car blocking their driveway to remove the car remove the car blocking their driveway park their car on their garage park the car blocking their driveway This caused a commotion between our family and their family because, my father patiently waited for them to complete the said steps on retrieving their car.
Now because of this visual obscurity you hit a pedestrian or cyclist or misjudge when giving someone right of way and results in a car accident, is this not endangering the public?
Suppose further that while they're driving away, the driver turns around to taunt me and from this distraction rear-ends another car and the impact sends me forward; my shoulder and face hit parts of the seat in front of me.
If a sign was placed somewhere designating that cars have to slow down within that area (for some unclear reason), and the sign was not easily visible - or recognizable at all - then perhaps the defense could be used, because there would be no reason to think that there would be a sign there.
I know from a previous question that the police officers don't need to be up front with rather or not they are detaining me, but in this case I'm not asking rather they have the right to be evasive, and instead rather they can actively misrepresent the facts of my legal rights and requirements.
Even though the police asked me some questions and took notes, I could not get a police report or even a police report number, not even later when some injuries turned out to be a bit more severe than initially assessed (adrenaline makes a difference!
Unless you know that the person driving your car without your permission is a generally unsafe driver, such that it would be negligent to allow that person to drive at all, the owner of the car would not normally be liable for damage to other parties by a person driving the owner's car, particularly one who does so without permission.

beef, aaron, japan, designation, kobe, chicken, geographic, certified, cream, min
For example, SCOTUS Justices Breyer and Souter majored in philosophy as undergraduates, and Jessica Boyd and Harry Adamson have PhDs in Philosophy.
Hyōgo Prefecture) in Japan but is not certified Kobe Beef under the Japanese geographic designation laws, this would not violate either of these laws because the geographic designation is accurate.
I ordered chicken burrito but they made it beef burrito. What should I do about it any suggestion if I can sue the restaurant serving me beef which is against my religion to eat
added commute timing 10min Bus 1min walk 11min train 6min train 48min train 1min walk 9min bus 6min bus 15min walk
2- Is there any need to get it notarised in Japan also? An agreement between two parties (one from India and one from Japan) is notarised in India.
About a year ago, Inside Edition reporters first revealed that two high-end restaurants in New York City, La Bernardin and Old Homestead Steakhouse, were serving beef that they claimed to be Kobe beef, which was untrue, given that there were only 9 certified Kobe beef locations in the United States, and neither of these restaurants are certified.
"chicken". (Subway's "chicken" is 50% chicken, and Wendy's is 88%. Subway chicken only about 50% meat, according to Canadian study What's in your chicken sandwich?
The operative clause is constrained to interpretations that are consistent with the prefatory clause.
[Japan Copyright Act, art. Armed Forces facilities are NOT confidential under US-Japan Security Treaty and related statutes enacted in Japan.
Neither the United States nor California have jurisdiction in Japan. Japanese laws apply to the Japanese company advertising the Japanese position, when in Japan.

mr, blockchain, founder, token, softdao, buisnessman, incumbentco, softcoin, largest, ethereum
no differences then no conciliation) and thus at the very core of any conciliation there is an argument and therefore as such argumentative.
Large is Livin' it Large"). Founder is not a majority or even largest owner of the SoftCoin tokens.
I asked on https://ethereum. Where can I find actual cases where Blockchain (particularly Ethereum Blockchain) was used in a case, or better yet, decided the verdict of a case.
Is Mr. However, Mr. Suppose Mr. Now suppose Mr. A knows that Mr. Let's say Mr. A now free to claim that Mr.
He went with Mr. He get a car from Mr B, that I did not know anything about Mr B.
Buisnessman of the crime, then Mr. Until Mr. If it has (and if Mr. If Mr. After all, Mr.
Large is the 30th largest owner of SoftCoin. " Mr. If Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Large's public keys on the SoftCoin blockchain, but the blockchain says he is actually only the 100th largest owner now.
Mrs. Mrs. A and Mrs. Mrs. Shortly later, Mrs. Unfortunately it was not reported what happened to Mrs.
Mr A. So if Mr B. This means that Mr B. The biggest problem is that Mr A. From the sound of things he handed most or all of it on to Mr B.
This might sound like a weird question but the application is using the ethereum blockchain to create Tokens which would be given to people who donate to the company and would not be traditional shares as there would be no right to dividends or equity.

patreon, swing, golfer, subscribed, patenting, diamond, work, would, use, jqning
Diamond v. The golfer went on to patent his new swing form/technique because Diamond v.
If Patreon does not have the right to sue, can the Patreon user sue me or Patreon for the money owed?
Short Answer Patenting a golf swing might be problematic. ) But from my point of view, patenting a golf swing might be problematic.
Say a guy creates a Patreon for his brother who is a video game designer. Given these specifics, would it be illegal to collect Patreon money on behalf of another person's work expectancy, regardless of whether they choose to accept or even know of it?
That should be pretty easy at present because golfers are not patenting their swings.
At very least, it's against Patreon's Terms of Use: "Fraud - Don’t post information that is false or otherwise misleading.
They have a swing set on it and a child's plastic playhouse. I have asked several times to have them remove swing set and quit mowing but they continue.
I am seeking to start patenting something, and have reached out to an organization that claims to be able to help with the patenting process.
Now, it is true, all those distributers agree to "RISK their funds, but knowing the business,Diamond does not offer any other choices (Agree or go elsewhere.
If I recall correctly, when I subscribed to Sky Broadband, I did everything online.

cryptographic, munition, cryptography, mosquito, specie, itar, croatia, descendant, weapon, insect
establish their own breeding colony of the collected mosquitoes? attempt to further modify the collected mosquitoes or their descendants?
(for example, flying over the Sydney Harbour Bridge and around the Centrepoint Tower)
Encryption is not a weapon. Weapons are a subset of munitions. Encryption, or rather cryptographic technology and systems, is a munition.
ITAR regulates munitions. The bottom line is that the definition of cryptographic equipment and technology as a munition by ITAR does not make it a weapon.
Just because cryptographic technology is listed as a munition doesn't mean it's a weapon.
Here's an article (German) on someone who plans to breed insects for food (the article only says he is breeding "Heuschrecken", which could be several different species from the order Orthoptera, but it's probably close enough): Insekten auf dem Teller - Thorsten Breitschuh baut eine Heuschreckenzucht auf ("Insects on the plate - Thorsten Breitschuh is starting an orthoptera breeding program") The article does mention some legal problems, but they mostly revolve around getting the insects certified as safe food, and complying with environment regulations during the breeding.
Who interprets those? May I ask someone who's not in Croatia to write and interpret my EULAs and Terms of Services?
But how do you select the encryption key? Even if you wanted to include a cryptography engine, the requirements for exporting cryptography from the U.S.
Any attempt at making encryption illegal would itself be unconstitutional. Secondly, since encryption can be used for personal protection, the use of encryption software can be assimilated to the "bearing of arms", and is therefore protected by the second amendment.
You must download a separate "encryption module" if you wish to utilize Inno Setup's encryption capabilities...

gst, dlna, sauce, dodgy, would, alliance, law, court, lawyer, case
Some items, like basic food, are GST-free, so effectively they have a GST of 0%.
Did it went smooth? DLNA standard itself is open and all the requirements are freely available, the same way as UPNP specifications which are the basis for DLNA.
You are correct in that the GST is 10%. Hopefully their returns to the tax office are not as dodgy!
sg/irashome/GST/GST-registered-businesses/Specific-business-sectors/e-Commerce/ As long as you're not evading GST by packaging this way, I'm not seeing any issue here.
If you export, you get GST back. At airports the government returns GST because shops can't sell without GST to just anyone who promises to export the thing.
If someone overhears you saying you added hot sauce to hurt them, not because you like hot sauce, then you could be legally on the hook for poisoning or assaulting them.
The next day I received an email from the company sending me an invoice with the price almost doubled explaining "There had been an increase in price to $70 + GST".
The fridge is still broken. They came and did a repair to the fridge. Where it becomes an issue is that we purchased the fridge, and the fridge broke after being at my house for about 7 days.
In Australia, you can claim the GST and a tax deduction for coffee you buy for clients, suppliers, etc.
I want to donate to Greenfell Tower victims at JustGiving but some pages look dodgy and fake (hence I'm reluctant to donate).

